RAGAS Debug — 策略: mq_rrf
================================================================================

## [1] cross_001_en

**Query**: Compare PoisonedRAG and Machine Against the RAG: how do they each attack RAG systems, and what are the key differences in their threat models?

**Reference**:
- PoisonedRAG injects malicious passages into the knowledge corpus to corrupt retrieval results, requiring corpus access.
- Machine Against the RAG jams RAG systems with blocker documents that suppress relevant retrieval without corpus poisoning.
- PoisonedRAG requires attacker access to the knowledge base; Machine Against the RAG only requires the ability to inject documents at query time.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论机器学习模型的数据投毒和后门攻击，以及RAG系统的攻击面，但未具体涉及PoisonedRAG或Machine Against the RAG的攻击方式或威胁模型差异。
Many studies [37, 66–74] show machine learning models
are vulnerable to data poisoning and backdoor attacks.

In
particular, they showed that a machine learning model has
attacker-desired behaviors when trained on the poisoned training dataset.

When extended to RAG systems, they compromise an LLM or a retriever, which can be challenging when
a RAG system adopts an LLM or a retriever released by big
tech companies such as Meta and Google.

Different from
existing studies [37, 66, 67, 70], our attacks do not poison the
training dataset of a LLM or a retriever.

Instead, our attacks
exploit the new and practical attack surface introduced by
knowledge databases of RAG systems.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提到了PoisonedRAG的攻击方式（向数据库添加多个文档以生成对手选择的响应）和Machine Against the RAG（仅添加一个文档用于拒绝服务），并对比了它们的威胁模型（PoisonedRAG需要数据库访问，而Machine Against the RAG只需添加一个文档）。
In indirect prompt injection [17],
adversaries do not directly interact with the target LLM.

Instead, they inject adversarial inputs into third-party data,
which is then added to the LLM prompt (intentionally or
unintentionally) by the victim application and/or its users.

RAG poisoning attacks are an instance of indirect prompt
injection, where the adversary has the additional challenge
to ensure that their content is retrieved by the RAG system.

Zou et al.’s PoisonedRAG [68] adds multiple documents to
the database, crafted to make the system generate adversarychosen responses to specific queries—see Section 5.4 for
more details.

Their stated goal is misinformation rather than
jamming (denial of service).

PoisonedRAG adds multiple
documents to the database, whereas our attack only adds one.

That said, the adversary could use PoisonedRAG for jamming
by choosing a refusal to answer as the target response and limiting themselves to adding just one document to the database.

We evaluate this attack method in Section 6.6.

Concurrently and independently of this work, Chaudhari
et al. [8] described RAG poisoning attacks for several adversarial goals, including reputation damage, privacy violations,
harmful behaviors, and denial of service.

These attacks are
white-box and assume that the adversary knows both the em-
bedding model and the LLM used by the target RAG system.

This assumption rules out many realistic threat scenarios.

--- Chunk #2 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍FlippedRAG攻击，与PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG无关。
DoS denotes denial-of-service and "-" denotes not applicable.
reveal that the proposed attack strategy can significantly alter the
opinion polarity of the content generated by RAG.

Furthermore, we
discuss the efficacy of potential defense mechanisms and conclude
that they are insufficient in mitigating this type of attack.

This not
only highlights the vulnerability of the retrieval model and RAG
model but, more importantly, underscores the potential negative
impact on user cognition and decision-making.

Such vulnerabilities
can increase the risk of misleading users into accepting incorrect
or biased information.

Our major contributions are as follows:
(1) We propose FlippedRAG, a novel transfer-based opinion ma-
nipulation attack against black-box RAG-like systems.

It realistically
reflects practical threat scenarios, and to our knowledge, we are
among the first to study adversarial opinion manipulation targeting
open-ended and controversial topics in RAG-based models.
(2) We propose a new approach to construct high-quality pseudorelevant contrastive pairs for training surrogate retrieval models in
black-box RAG.

It highlights risks regarding context data leakage
in LLM applications.

Extensive automated evaluations combined
with user studies confirm that our method effectively manipulates
the opinions generated by RAG models, ultimately influencing user
perception toward specifically targeted stance.
(3) We thoroughly evaluate existing defense measures and find
that they fail to effectively prevent or reduce the impact of FlippedRAG, underscoring the urgent need for novel and more robust
mitigation strategies.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述FlippedRAG的威胁模型和攻击方法，不涉及PoisonedRAG或Machine Against the RAG。
The threat model presented here can be characterized as follows: the adversary can only
query the RAG-like system and does not have access to the complete
knowledge base or corpus, the retriever, or the parameters of the
RAG.

The attacker is only capable of injecting limited adversarially
modified candidate texts into the corpus, while the retriever and
the LLM remain black-boxed, intact, and unmodifiable.

To address aforementioned challenges, in this paper, we propose
FlippedRAG, a black-box attack method, to explore the reliability of RAG in controversial topics and investigate its impact on
user cognition, as shown in Figure 1.

By employing black-box re-
triever imitation [19] for opinion manipulation, we reveal specific
vulnerabilities in RAG-like systems.

Our motivation is based on
the observation in Figure 1.

When we queried ChatGPT (as of
March 2025, with web search enabled, functioning as a typical RAG-like application) on a specific topic and explicitly
instructed it to output the original content of its retrieved
references, it faithfully reproduced the exact text segments
from the retrieved candidates.

The reproduced outputs precisely matched the corresponding content on the web pages
linked in the reference citations and reflect the functionality of relevance matching.

It allow us to designed a retriever
imitation method for black-box RAG to address the limitations of
white-box attacks or heuristic-based attacks against such systems.

Specifically, we utilize carefully designed instructions to obtain
the retrieval results within the RAG model.

Subsequently, based
on the constructed (query, candidate) pairs from retrieval list, we
train a surrogate model using the extracted retrieval data [19, 30]
to approximate and transparentize the relevance preferences of the
retriever in the black-box RAG model.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍了PoisonedRAG作为首个知识库投毒攻击，攻击者通过注入恶意文本来诱导LLM生成特定答案，需要访问知识库，与参考事实中PoisonedRAG的描述一致。
Due to these beneﬁts, we have witnessed a variety of developed tools (e.g., ChatGPT Retrieval Plugin [20],
LlamaIndex [21], ChatRTX [22], and LangChain [23]) and
real-world applications (e.g., WikiChat [24], Bing Search [25],
Clinfo.

AI [26], Google Search with AI Overviews [27], Perplexity AI [28], and LLM agents [29, 30]) of RAG.

Existing studies [31–36] mainly focused on improving the
accuracy and efﬁciency of RAG.

For instance, some studies [32, 33, 36] designed new retrievers such that more relevant knowledge could be retrieved for a given question.

Other
studies [31, 34, 35] proposed various techniques to improve
the efﬁciency of knowledge retrieval.

However, the security
of RAG is largely unexplored.

To bridge the gap, we propose PoisonedRAG, the ﬁrst
knowledge corruption attack to RAG.

Knowledge database as a new and practical attack surface.

In this work, we ﬁnd that knowledge databases of RAG
systems introduce a new and practical attack surface.

In particular, an attacker can inject malicious texts into the knowledge database of a RAG system to induce an LLM to generate
attacker-desired answers to user questions.

For instance, when
the knowledge database contains millions of texts collected
from Wikipedia, an attacker could inject malicious texts by
maliciously editing Wikipedia pages [37]; an attacker could
also post fake news or host malicious websites to inject malicious texts when the knowledge databases are collected from
the Internet; an insider can inject malicious texts into an en-
terprise private knowledge database.

Threat model.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段继续讨论FlippedRAG，与PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG无关。
There are no restrictions on the number of calls to RAG.

Furthermore, the adversary has no knowledge of the architecture,
parameters, or any other information related to the models in RAG.

Modifying the prompt templates used by the LLM in RAG is also
prohibited.

Targeted traps necessitate adversary selection of controversial topics for manipulation, so adversaries possess awareness
of user query intents input to the target retriever in RAG.

FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
data of retrieval model and constructing contrastive pairs in
black-box RAG.

Following [4, 6, 27, 42], FlippedRAG presents realistic threats
to RAG-like systems using data from public platforms that allow
user edits.

Adversaries can compromise RAG output objectivity
by injecting malicious modifications into knowledge sources in-
cluding Wikipedia, user-generated content (UGC) platforms, and
other publicly accessible web resources.

As established in studies
[3, 18, 23], the retrieval corpus consists of millions of texts from
the Internet, enabling attackers to insert maliciously crafted web
content.

This demonstrates FlippedRAG’s viable threat potential
against real-world black-box RAG systems.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结了PoisonedRAG的贡献和性能，确认其作为知识库投毒攻击的特点，与参考事实相关。
Second, PoisonedRAG outperforms the SOTA baselines [42, 43].

For instance, on the NQ dataset, PoisonedRAG
(black-box setting) achieves a 97% ASR, while ASRs of 5
baselines are less than 70%.

Third, our ablation studies show
PoisonedRAG is robust against different hyper-parameters.

Defending against PoisonedRAG.

We explore several de-
fenses, including paraphrasing [44] and perplexity-based de-
tection [44–46].

Our results show these defenses are insufﬁ-
cient to defend against PoisonedRAG, thus highlighting the
need for new defenses.

Our major contributions are as follows:
• We propose PoisonedRAG, the ﬁrst knowledge corruption attack that exploit the new attack surface introduced
by knowledge databases of RAG systems.
• Our major contribution is to derive two necessary conditions for an effective attack to RAG systems.

We further
design PoisonedRAG to achieve these two conditions.
• We conduct an extensive evaluation for PoisonedRAG
on multiple knowledge databases, retrievers, RAG
PoisonedRAG with 5 baselines.
• We explore several defenses against PoisonedRAG.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍了Machine Against the RAG的拒绝服务攻击，使用单个“阻塞”文档使系统拒绝回答，无需投毒整个知识库，与参考事实中Machine Against the RAG的描述一致。
We introduced a new type of denial-of-service vulnerabilities
in retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems.

A single
“blocker” document in a RAG database can jam the system, in-
ducing it to refuse to answer a certain query.

We demonstrated
this attack against several LLMs and showed that resistance
to jamming is a novel safety property, not captured by the
existing safety and trustworthiness metrics.

We evaluated several methods for generating blocker documents, including a new method based on black-box optimization that requires query-only access to the target RAG system.

While effective, this method produces documents that are
easy to detect.

One question for future research is if it is possible to generate, without relying on an oracle LLM, passive
blocker documents (i.e., without explicit instructions) that do
not appear anomalous to a human reader and are difficult to
detect automatically.

If such blockers exist, they will require
more sophisticated defenses than perplexity-based filtering.

Another open question is the existence of universal blocker
documents that jam an entire class of queries, as opposed to
paraphrases of a particular query.

Future research may investigate more stringent threat models.

For example, in many realistic settings adversaries are
limited to a relatively small number of queries to the target
RAG system.

Also, the target’s database may change between
the time the adversary generates the blocker and the time it
is added to the database or the time the database is queried.

This raises the question if it is possible to generate blocker
documents with access to a RAG system whose database is
not exactly the same as the target’s database.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细描述了Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击方法，包括生成阻塞文档和无需知道嵌入或LLM，与参考事实中该攻击的威胁模型相符。
Machine Against the RAG: Jamming Retrieval-
Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents
Avital Shafran, The Hebrew University; Roei Schuster, Wild Moose; 
Vitaly Shmatikov, Cornell Tech
Machine Against the RAG:
Jamming Retrieval-Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents

Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems respond to
queries by retrieving relevant documents from a knowledge
database and applying an LLM to the retrieved documents.

We
demonstrate that RAG systems that operate on databases with
untrusted content are vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks
we call jamming.

An adversary can add a single “blocker”
document to the database that will be retrieved in response to
a specific query and result in the RAG system not answering
this query, ostensibly because it lacks relevant information or
because the answer is unsafe.

We describe and measure the efficacy of several methods
for generating blocker documents, including a new method
based on black-box optimization.

Our method (1) does not
rely on instruction injection, (2) does not require the adversary
to know the embedding or LLM used by the target RAG
system, and (3) does not employ an auxiliary LLM.

We evaluate jamming attacks on several embeddings and
LLMs and demonstrate that the existing safety metrics for
LLMs do not capture their vulnerability to jamming.

We then
discuss defenses against blocker documents.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍FlippedRAG，与PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG无关。
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial
Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) enriches LLMs by dynamically retrieving external knowledge, reducing hallucinations and
satisfying real-time information needs.

While existing research
mainly targets RAG’s performance and efficiency, emerging studies
highlight critical security concerns.

Yet, current adversarial ap-
proaches remain limited, mostly addressing white-box scenarios
or heuristic black-box attacks without fully investigating vulnerabilities in the retrieval phase.

Additionally, prior works mainly
focus on factoid Q&A tasks, their attacks lack complexity and can
be easily corrected by advanced LLMs.

In this paper, we investigate
a more realistic and critical threat scenario: adversarial attacks in-
tended for opinion manipulation against black-box RAG models,
particularly on controversial topics.

Specifically, we propose FlippedRAG, a transfer-based adversarial attack against black-box RAG-
like systems.

We first demonstrate that the underlying retriever of
a black-box RAG can be reverse-engineered and approximated by
enumerating critical queries, candidates, and answers, enabling us
to train a surrogate retriever.

Leveraging the surrogate retriever,
we further craft target poisoning triggers, altering vary few documents to effectively manipulate both retrieval and subsequent
generation, transferring the attack to the original black-box RAG
model.

Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

**LLM判定汇总**: 5/10 relevant → precision=0.5000

## [2] cross_002_en

**Query**: Compare FlatD, MACO, and Hardening DNN Binaries: what different approaches do they take to protect DNN models from reverse engineering?

**Reference**:
- FlatD uses Control Flow Flattening to conceal the CFG of DNN programs integrated into TVM compilation.
- MACO uses compiler-level obfuscation to prevent model extraction from compiled binaries.
- Hardening DNN Binaries proposes hardening techniques against reverse engineering attacks on DNN executables.
- All three target protecting DNN intellectual property at the binary level but differ in their obfuscation strategies.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段直接描述了Hardening DNN Binaries（NeuroShield）提出的三种专用混淆方案，与参考事实中关于该方法的描述直接相关。
Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse
West Lafayette, IN, USA
West Lafayette, IN, USA
zou116@purdue.edu

Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are proprietary assets due to the
expertise, confidential data, and high development costs involved in
model training.

Well-trained DNN models are compiled into DNN
binaries to be efficiently executed on various platforms, such as
edge devices and cloud infrastructures.

Recent research on DNN
binary decompilation shows the potential of stealing DNN models
via binary reverse engineering techniques.

While obfuscation is
a well-studied technique to hamper binary reverse engineering,
general obfuscation schemes are not designed for this new type of
binary and have limitations in concealing information within DNN
binaries due to the unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

In this paper, we show that existing reverse engineering attacks
on DNN binaries can recover 98.5% of DNN operators from DNN
binaries that have been obfuscated using general obfuscators.

We
then propose new obfuscation schemes tailored for DNN binaries,
namely, (1) Flexible Operator Fusion; (2) Fake Operator Insertion;
and (3) Operator Computation Reordering.

We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an end-to-end obfuscation toolchain
called NeuroShield.

Experiments show that NeuroShield is resilient
to existing model reverse engineering attacks while introducing a
reasonable overhead.

Specifically, NeuroShield reduces the operator
recovery rate to 3.03% for CV models and 47.18% for NLP models.

Moreover, it has comparable binary size overhead and significantly
lower execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM,
one of the commonly used general obfuscators.
• Security and privacy →Software reverse engineering.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论DNN二进制逆向工程攻击的背景和特征，未提及FlatD、MACO或Hardening DNN Binaries的具体方法，与参考事实无直接关联。
In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段继续介绍NeuroShield的实验结果和贡献，直接对应Hardening DNN Binaries的参考事实。
Specifically, NeuroShield
reduces the operator recovery rate to 3.03% for three CV models
(Mnist, Resnet, and Mobilenet) and 47.18% for three NLP models
(FastText, ESM, and AlBert).

In terms of binary size, the overhead
of NeuroShield is comparable to OLLVM, and is much smaller than
Tigress and Loki.

Moreover, NeuroShield has a much smaller execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM, Tigress
and Loki.

Our contributions can be summarized as follows:
• We conduct a study to show the ineffectiveness of general
obfuscation schemes against existing DNN binary reverse
engineering attacks, by extending the state-of-the-art attack
on DNN binaries, and using it to effectively recover six DNN
models’ semantics from DNN binaries under general obfuscations.
• We propose three dedicated obfuscation schemes to enhance
DNN binaries against existing reverse engineering attacks.
• We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an endto-end DNN compilation toolchain called NeuroShield.

The source code of NeuroShield is available on GitHub 1.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细说明Operator Computation Reordering（NeuroShield的混淆技术之一）及其效果，与Hardening DNN Binaries的参考事实直接相关。
In this paper, we use loop reordering (cr) to evenly distribute
computation across the output elements of each operator, making
it more difficult for existing DNN binary decompilers (DnD and
BTD) to quickly infer the semantics of a single output.

Experiments
in Section 6.3 show that cr alone is not resilient against existing
reverse engineering attacks although it can increase the attack
time.

Evaluating the resilience of other loop transformations (e.g.,
unrolling, tiling) remains an open direction for future work.

Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse Engineering Attacks
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Obfuscation Overhead.

Although NeuroShield introduces a modest execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%), its binary size overhead
can be up to 201.8%.

Prior work has shown that protecting a small
subset of critical DNN operators can protect essential model functionality with significantly lower overhead [43].

Since the primary
source of NeuroShield’s binary size overhead is Fake Operator In-
sertion, this cost can be mitigated by applying fi only to fused
functions containing such critical operators.

Obfuscation of Complicated DNN Structures.

A comparatively
large portion of operators in complex neural network structures
(e.g., 47.18% operators in transformers) remain unprotected by NeuroShield.

These operators are related to connection structures and
can not be easily fused.

Extending Flexible Operator Fusion to support a wider range of fusion patterns is a promising direction that
we leave for future work.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段将NeuroShield与硬件保护方法对比，并总结其三种混淆技术，直接对应Hardening DNN Binaries的参考事实。
In
contrast, NeuroShield hardens DNN binaries in a way that makes
DNN binary reverse engineering attacks ineffective.

Hardware-based Model Protection.

Hardware-based methods
offer protection for DNN models through approaches such as: (1)
using hardware-secured secret keys to obfuscate model weights [22,
44, 62]; (2) executing DNN models within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) [43, 45].

These approaches require specific hardware support, while NeuroShield uses binary obfuscation to protect
model structures and is more generic.
9 Summary
We present NeuroShield, an implementation of three distinct obfuscation techniques tailored for DNN binaries: (1) Flexible Operator
Fusion, (2) Fake Operator Insertion, and (3) Operator Computation
Reordering.

Experiments show that NeuroShield provides strong
protection against existing reverse engineering attacks while introducing a reasonable overhead.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提及Control Flow Flattening（FlatD使用的技术）和Fake Operator Insertion（NeuroShield的技术），分别与FlatD和Hardening DNN Binaries的参考事实直接相关。
DNN Binary Reverse Engineering.

Attackers can reverse en-
gineer DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static
analysis [74] or dynamic analysis [37].

DnD [74] utilizes the static
control flow information in DNN binaries to reconstruct the loop
structures of DNN operators, which are then lifted to a customized
AST representation to recover the high-level semantics of DNN
operators.

BTD [37] performs symbolic execution on dynamic execution traces of DNN operators to reconstruct their semantics.

End-to-end DNN model fidelity attacks.

Another category of
DNN model stealing attack targets the model’s high-level functionality by treating it as a black box, e.g., querying it to train a surrogate
model [26, 67].

Fake Operator Insertion provides a certain extent
of protection for this kind of attack — only valid input will trigger
the model’s true behavior.

Attackers could still potentially train a
high-fidelity surrogate model given sufficiently extensive queries,
but with higher computational resources for model training.

Code Obfuscation.

Code Obfuscation is a technique used to make
software binaries harder to understand and analyze.

This is achieved
by altering the binary code in a way that preserves its original functionality but conceals its logic and intent from human or automated
reverse engineering attacks.

General obfuscation schemes include
Opaque Predicates [13, 46, 53, 75], Control Flow Flattening [10, 70],
Virtualization [2, 6, 11, 20, 29, 30, 34, 57, 61, 71, 72, 76], and Mixed
Boolean Arithmetic [57, 82].

These obfuscation schemes are ineffective against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN binaries
due to certain unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

DNN Structure Obfuscation.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论DNN模型作为知识产权和部署背景，未涉及三种保护方法的具体内容，与参考事实无直接关联。
Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are considered proprietary assets
due to the specialized expertise, confidential user data, and substantial development costs required to train them.

Firstly, the model
architecture needs to be well designed, which requires either hu-
man expertise or automatic neural architecture searching in a large
searching space [18, 19].

Secondly, companies typically use private
user data to train DNN models, which are often confidential.

These
data are vulnerable to leakage, especially in scenarios where the
DNN model semantics are known by attackers (i.e., white-box at-
tacks [59]).

A recent article from NVIDIA reports a total training
time of 34 days, and a cost of $4.6M to train the GPT-3 model [47].

These advanced models represent a unique form of intellectual property, which companies try to keep secret for the purpose of keeping
user data confidential and staying competitive in the market [63].

To deploy a DNN model, DNN compilers (e.g., TVM [4]) compile
DNN models into stand-alone binaries that can run on a dedicated
backend device.

For example, compiled DNN models have been
widely deployed as web services on the cloud [1, 42, 49], and directly
on edge devices (e.g., Google Chrome [23], Android apps [16]).

In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述攻击扩展和实验结果，未提及FlatD、MACO或Hardening DNN Binaries，与参考事实无直接关联。
Our proof-of-concept attack is mostly aligned with the BTD
attack [37], with the following extensions: (1) BTD stops trace logging after completing executing the first iteration of the outermost
loop, while we stop logging after the last memory write to the first
output element is finished; (2) We extend BTD’s symbolic engine
to support more instructions that appear in the obfuscated binaries
but not in the original binaries.

Experimental results show that our proof-of-concept attack can
successfully recover 98.5% of compiled operator functions among
six DNN models obfuscated by four general obfuscators, which
proves the effectiveness of our extended BTD attack.

We discuss
the details in Section 6.

Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse Engineering Attacks
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Figure 2: Example DNN computational graph with a common shortcut structure

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段比较通用混淆器与NeuroShield的效果，涉及Hardening DNN Binaries的评估，与参考事实直接相关。
Engineering Attacks
To compare the effectiveness of general obfuscators and NeuroShield
on DNN binaries, we evaluate them against two state-of-the-art
DNN decompilers, DnD and BTD.

Note that the BTD attack is the
extended version we mentioned in Section 3.2.

Table 5 reports the
attack time and the number of operator functions reconstructed by
DnD and BTD on compiled DNN models under different obfuscation
techniques.

We group the results for three CV models (Mnist, Resnet,
Mobilenet) and NLP models (FastText, ESM, Albert) together for
better presentation.

We only evaluate CV models for DnD as it only
supports CV models in its evaluation dataset.

For Loki’s obfuscated
models, only Mnist and FastText can finish execution.

As BTD is
based on dynamic analysis, we only evaluate the two models under
Loki’s obfuscation for BTD.

The upper part of Table 5 presents the attack results for DnD.

Among general obfuscators, Fusor is ineffective against DnD with
100% operator functions semantics being recovered.

The reason is
that the inserted opaque predicates do not change the overall nested
loop structures, which is the fundamental information leveraged
by DnD to infer the operator types and attributes.

The Other three
Table 5: Evaluation on existing DNN binary reverse engineering attacks.

For the BTD attack, we use a thread pool with
20 threads to parallelize the attack for all functions in each
general obfuscators achieve full protection against DnD, as they
drastically change the control flow structures.

For Tigress and Loki,
the attack stopped in about 30s because DnD failed to retrieve the
control flow graph of binaries under VM-based obfuscation.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结NeuroShield的三种专用混淆方案及其效果，直接对应Hardening DNN Binaries的参考事实。
We implement an extended
version of the attack described in [37] which successfully recovers
the semantics of 98.5% operator functions from six DNN models
(Mnist, Resnet, Mobilenet, FastText, ESM and AlBert) under the
obfuscation of four general obfuscators (Fusor [75], OLLVM [27],
Tigress [66] and Loki [57]).

To defend against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN
binaries, we propose three dedicated obfuscation schemes: (1) Flexible Operator Fusion to create fused operators with more complex
semantics; (2) Fake Operator Insertion to introduce fake control
flow to each fused operator by leveraging the Bounded Neuron Activation characteristic [40] of DNN models; (3) Operator Computation Reordering to distribute computation evenly across outputs
for each operator.

We implement these obfuscation schemes in a
compilation toolchain called NeuroShield.

Experiments show that
NeuroShield is robust against existing reverse engineering attacks
while maintaining reasonable overhead.

Specifically, NeuroShield
reduces the operator recovery rate to 3.03% for three CV models
(Mnist, Resnet, and Mobilenet) and 47.18% for three NLP models
(FastText, ESM, and AlBert).

In terms of binary size, the overhead
of NeuroShield is comparable to OLLVM, and is much smaller than
Tigress and Loki.

Moreover, NeuroShield has a much smaller execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM, Tigress
and Loki.

**LLM判定汇总**: 7/10 relevant → precision=0.7000

## [3] single_001_en

**Query**: How does AgentSentinel provide end-to-end and real-time security defense for LLM agents? What is its core architecture?

**Reference**:
- AgentSentinel is an end-to-end real-time security defense system for computer-use LLM agents that intercepts sensitive operations and halts execution until a security audit is completed.
- Its core architecture includes context-aware agent monitoring, system-level tracing via eBPF and LSM, a task-context-aware security auditor with rule-based and LLM-based components, and container-based agent isolation.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段直接描述了AgentSentinel是一个端到端、实时的安全防御框架，能够拦截敏感操作并暂停执行直到安全审计完成，与参考事实中的第一点完全对应。
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense
Framework for Computer-Use Agents

Large Language Models (LLMs) have been increasingly integrated
into computer-use agents, which can autonomously operate tools
on a user’s computer to accomplish complex tasks.

However, due to
the inherently unstable and unpredictable nature of LLM outputs,
they may issue unintended tool commands or incorrect inputs, leading to potentially harmful operations.

Unlike traditional security
risks stemming from insecure user prompts, tool execution results
from LLM-driven decisions introduce new and unique security
challenges.

These vulnerabilities span across all components of a
computer-use agent.

To mitigate these risks, we propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time defense framework designed to mitigate potential security threats on a user’s computer.

AgentSentinel
intercepts all sensitive operations within agent-related services and
halts execution until a comprehensive security audit is completed.

Our security auditing mechanism introduces a novel inspection
process that correlates the current task context with system traces
generated during task execution.

To thoroughly evaluate AgentSentinel, we present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across six attack categories.

The benchmark
demonstrates a 87% average attack success rate on four state-of-
the-art LLMs.

Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提到了使用eBPF和LSM进行系统级追踪，以及基于容器的隔离技术，这些是核心架构的一部分，与参考事实中的第二点相关。
Implementation.

We implemented AgentSentinel in around 6700
lines of Golang code and 1900 lines of C code.

We utilized the
Extended Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF) [8] and Linux Security Modules (LSM) [38] techniques to trace and enforce sensitive operations
from the user scope.

We used lightweight container-based virtualization techniques (e.g., docker) to isolate the running environment
of LLM-based computer-use agents from the host system.

We im-
plemented AgentSentinel client as a Python package in 170 lines
of Python code; it is straightforward to implement it in other programming languages.

Experiment Settings.

We conducted all experiments on Ubuntu
20.04 with a 16-core CPU (Intel® Core™i7-10700 CPU @ 2.90GHz)
and 32G RAM.

We set the maximum process enforcement level to 4
and the maximum audit time to 110s, which is about 90% of the waiting time for a single tool use (see Section 4.3).

We chose Claude-for-
Computer-Use as the implementation of the computer-use agent; it
provides standard specifications for three tools — Bash, Computer,
and File Editor — and supports fully end-to-end computer-use op-
erations [15].

We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了AgentSentinel的客户端-服务器架构，包括监控服务器、系统追踪器和审计方法，与参考事实中的核心架构描述相关。
We propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time security de-
fense framework for computer-use agents.

AgentSentinel adopts
a client-server architecture, where a monitoring server provides
protection for the agent operating as a client.

The agent transmits task context changes to the monitoring server, which then
configures a system tracer and enforcer to manage sensitive op-
erations within the agent’s services.

These sensitive operations
are thoroughly checked using an efficient auditing approach.

Our
evaluation demonstrates that AgentSentinel successfully defends
against the majority (79.6%) of attacks across seven types of attacks,
outperforming baseline defense mechanisms.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论计算机使用代理的安全威胁和现有防御方法的不足，虽然提到了AgentSentinel，但没有提供关于其端到端实时防御或核心架构的具体信息。
To compromise the operating system, a third-party ad-
versary could exploit the agent’s interaction with external tools.

For instance, if the agent fetches data using a tool whose source is
controlled by an attacker, the attacker can inject malicious payloads
into the tool results.

These malicious results then infect the task
context maintained by the agent, potentially leading to command
injection or other harmful behaviors.

While numerous techniques have been proposed to mitigate
the risks associated with tool use, these approaches are unfortunately ineffective when applied to computer-use agents.

For example, Zhang et al. [49] propose instruction-level defenses aimed at
mitigating incorrect outputs generated by LLMs.

However, these
methods often lack robustness against the sophisticated threats
posed by malicious attackers in the context of computer-use agents.

Another line of work (e.g., [45]) explores sandboxing and isolation
strategies.

Unfortunately, computer-use agents typically possess
broad access to and control over most tools on a user’s system, violating the core assumptions underlying these techniques.

Finally,
security-enhanced agent architectures [19] are also inadequate for
computer-use agents.

Re-architecting or hardening individual components of these agents is impractical, given the diversity and rapid
proliferation of such agents in real-world deployments.

To address the aforementioned issues, we propose AgentSentinel,
an end-to-end, real-time security defense framework for computeruse agent systems.

AgentSentinel passively traces each tool invocation by dynamically collecting relevant system events.

When
a sensitive operation is detected, it is suspended, and detailed in-
formation is presented to a security auditor, who then determines
the appropriate enforcement actions.

It is worth noting that our
approach addresses all threats at the endpoint, regardless of the specific vulnerabilities exploited within the computer-use agent.

This
design minimizes interference from tool behavior on the agent’s
execution.

AgentSentinel comprises four core components.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要是评估结果和引用信息，没有直接描述AgentSentinel的防御机制或核心架构。
Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer
and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, Taipei.

ACM,
New York, NY, USA, 15 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3719027.3765064

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论的是不同防御方法的比较和评估结果，没有涉及AgentSentinel的端到端实时防御或核心架构。
This also suggests that as the
model evolves, the effectiveness of our tool will improve correspondingly.

Moreover, we observe that Claude-based computer-use
agents exhibit greater robustness to task failures, often proposing safer alternatives when the initial attempt is unsuccessful (see
further discussion in Section 5.5).

Next, we conduct a detailed analysis of the baseline defenses
across different attack types.

Among all defense techniques, the De-
limiters Defense proves to be the least effective, exhibiting only limited capability against Direct Task Injection attacks and AgentDojo.

Notably, it fails to detect 50% of such attacks across all evaluated
models.

Instruction Prevention and Tool-Use Guard defenses are
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 4: Defenses comparison across different LLM models based computer-use agents
more effective against (direct and indirect) prompt injections, but
less effective against Agent Infrastructure attacks and Hallucination Exploitation.

Among all baselines, Tool-Use Guard achieves the
highest mean DSR with but lags significantly behind AgentSentinel
(-50%), demonstrating that system-level traces are highly valuable
for identifying security threats.

Llama Guard achieves the highest
mean DSR, as it is more effective against explicit prompt injections
and malicious instructions.

False Positive Rate.

AgentSentinel achieves an average false positive rate (FPR) of 10.8%.

Notably, AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.7
Sonnet) reports zero false positives and AgentSentinel (w/ Claude
3.5 Sonnet) reports only one false positive, consistent with the ob-
servation that Claude 3.7 Sonnet is generally stronger than Claude
3.5 Sonnet.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细描述了AgentSentinel的四个核心组件，包括上下文感知代理监控、系统级追踪和自适应混合威胁审计，与参考事实中的核心架构直接相关。
In this section, we present AgentSentinel, a novel framework de-
signed to detect real-time security threats in computer-use agents.

Figure 3 presents an overview of AgentSentinel’s architecture,
which comprises four core components designed to address key
challenges in securing computer-use agents.
(1) Context-Aware Agent Monitoring: AgentSentinel instruments the computer-use agent to initialize communication
channel and dynamically collect task context (blue components).

Both agent basic information and task context are
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen
Algorithm 1: Instrumented Agent
1 𝐶←NewAgentSentinelClient(AgentBasicInformation);
8 𝑀′ = 𝑀;
17 𝑀= 𝑀+ 𝑟;
transmitted via an agent-to-monitor protocol to the monitoring server (red components).
(2) System-Level Tracing: AgentSentinel utilizes a multi-aspect
system tracer to capture and suspend sensitive operations
(orange components).
(3) Adaptive Hybrid Threat Auditing: AgentSentinel integrates a modular security audit approach designed to efficiently identify real-time threats associated with tool execution (green components).

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要介绍实验设置和评估指标，没有提供关于AgentSentinel防御机制或架构的具体信息。
We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

Percentage of tasks where the agent successfully triggers a malicious operation.
↑
DSR
Percentage of tasks where the defender successfully
refuses all malicious operations and accepts all benign
operations.

FPR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly ac-
cepts some malicious operations.
↓
FNR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly re-
fuses some benign operations.
↓
FT
Percentage of failed tasks where the expected attacks
are failed.

AFR
Percentage of successful tasks where the expected at-
tacks are failed.
endlessly, we restricted the number of dialogue rounds for an agent
to process a task to 30.

Evaluation Metrics.

We proposed comprehensive evaluation metrics (see Table 1) to quantify the effectiveness of attacks (ASR), de-
tection defense (DSR, FPR, and FNR), and model’s security policies
(AFR).

In addition, we measure the impact that a defense imposes
on the task capability of computer-use agents (FT).

We also measure the security capability of LLMs as the AFR.

A higher AFR
indicates that an LLM implements a more effective security policy.

Furthermore, for a given task, if a defense mechanism accepts some
malicious operations while rejecting some benign ones and the
first rejected operation is benign, we classify the outcome as a false
positive; otherwise, we consider it a false negative.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了安全审计模块如何分析操作，以及规则基础和LLM基础的审计组件，与参考事实中的任务上下文感知安全审计器相关。
Once a process is suspended, a
security audit module analyzes the corresponding operation, taking
into account the task context and associated event traces.

If the
operation is deemed safe, the process is resumed; otherwise, it is
terminated to prevent further harm.

The agent client is notified via
a security alert if a tool failure is detected.

Finally, we propose a novel task-context-aware security audit
component designed to detect potential risks within the computeruse agent.

The security auditor comprises two complementary
components: a rule-based auditor that enforces predefined security
policies, and an LLM-based auditor that leverages the reasoning
capabilities of large language models to assess complex scenarios.

To enhance the efficiency and responsiveness of the LLM-based
auditor, we propose a Query-Per-Second (QPS) optimizer that regulates audit latency and ensures minimal disruption to normal task
execution.

Furthermore, we implement a security query cache that
classifies previously verified operations into three hierarchical categories: universally safe, task-specific safe, and safe-for-next-time.

This caching mechanism effectively reduces redundant queries and
auditing overhead by pruning unnecessary event traces and reusing
prior verification results.

Our contributions are summarized as follows.
• We propose AgentSentinel1, a novel end-to-end, real-time
security defense framework for computer-use agents.

To
the best of our knowledge, this is the first, end-to-end and
real-time defense framework for computer-use agents.
• We present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across seven attack types, which
demonstrates an average attack success rate of 87% on four
state-of-the-art LLMs.
• Our evaluation results show that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming all baseline defenses.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了AgentSentinel使用系统追踪器捕获操作，并建模安全威胁，以及实时防御的挑战，与核心架构中的系统级追踪和实时防御相关。
Computeruse agents may invoke arbitrary OS utilities, enabling them to
leverage any existing tool within the operating system rather than
being restricted to tools specified in system prompts.

Consequently,
constraining tool use through limited security policies is impractical.

Furthermore, generating specific safety rules for each individual
tool is also unfeasible.

A more general enforcement strategy is
needed to address all potential tool-use scenarios.

Our Solution: AgentSentinel utilizes a system tracer to capture
operations relevant to tool use, including process control, file op-
erations, and network access.

Based on these collected operations,
AgentSentinel models potential security threats associated with
tool execution.

Challenge 3: Real-time threat defense for agents must be ef-
ficient to avoid excessive latency.

A real-time defense approach
must detect sensitive behaviors and intervene before their execution.

Upon detection, it halts the behavior, conducts a security audit,
and either resumes or terminates the process based on the audit
results.

This defense process introduces execution delays due to
auditing and enforcement (i.e., stopping and resuming processes).

However, computer-use agent often impose strict timeouts on tool
use to maintain responsiveness.

A critical challenge arises when
the audit latency exceeds these timeouts, potentially disrupting
normal agent operations—especially if a single tool use triggers
numerous sensitive operations.

Consequently, it is crucial to design
mechanisms that either accelerate the security audit process or
provide flexible control over its execution time.

Our Solution: AgentSentinel integrates rule-based and LLM-based
security audit approaches.

To further reduce the latency of LLM-
based audits, we introduce a novel security query cache to accelerate
LLM-based audits, along with a queries-per-second (QPS) optimizer
that enforces strict time constraints for each audit decision.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [4] single_002_en

**Query**: What is Appatch's automated adaptive prompting approach? How does it improve program repair or code generation?

**Reference**:
- Appatch uses automated adaptive prompting with vulnerability-semantics-guided reasoning to patch software vulnerabilities without test inputs.
- It has two phases: semantics-aware scoping to extract vulnerability-relevant code slices, and dynamic adaptive prompting that generates root cause analysis, selects similar exemplars, and produces candidate patches via Chain-of-Thought prompting.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接描述了APPATCH的动态自适应提示和根因分析，与参考事实相符。
We propose APPATCH, an automated vulnerability patching framework that features dynamic adaptive prompting
on LLMs to elicit their effective reasoning for vulnerability root-cause analysis hence quality patch generation.

We
have demonstrated, on four latest LLMs, that APPATCH substantially outperforms both existing prompting approaches
and state-of-the-art non-LLM-based patching techniques.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了自动化自适应提示和漏洞语义推理，以及效率，与参考事实相关。
APPATCH is also reasonably efficient, taking on average 37.148-50.209 seconds to generate a
patch, and using 5,684-6,802 tokens per patch with the LLMs.

Our results suggest the practical feasibility and merits of
LLM-based vulnerability patching, via a novel methodology
(pivoted by automated adaptive prompting based on vulnerability semantics reasoning) of leveraging LLMs to generate
valid and correct patches.

Through APPATCH, we demonstrated how LLMs can be helped for this challenging task;
also, by examining failure cases, we discuss how/where and
why LLMs may still fall short even with APPATCH.

Q: Complete the following code after the comment:
<first 23 lines of code from Figure 1>
/*Fixed CWE-787 vulnerability*/
śHere is the code completionsś
for (i = 0; i < cnt; i++) {
argv[i] = cp;
if (ch)
ep = Jsi_Strchr(cp, ch);
……
```
state-of-the-art LLM-based approach zero-shot completion.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细描述了APPATCH的两个阶段和动态自适应提示过程，与参考事实完全匹配。
Vulnerable Statements
Semantics-aware scoping
Phase 2: LLM-Guided Causal Patching
Figure 4: An overview of APPATCH’s design, including its inputs, two main working phases, and outputs.

Next, in Phase 2: LLM-Guided Causal Patching, the
given program to patch is also scoped into vulnerability se-
mantics (2.1).

Then, through dynamic adaptive prompting
(2.2), APPATCH analyzes the root cause of the given vulnerability with an LLM and selects similar exemplars based on
the root cause.

With the chosen exemplars, candidate patches
are generated via CoT prompting on the LLM.

Finally, the
generated patches are validated and refined through multiple
LLMs through a multi-faceted patch validation (2.3) process.

As a result, the validated patches are returned as the outputs of APPATCH.

Note that while both phases rely on LLMs
for automated root cause and fixing strategy identification
using the vulnerability semantics reasoning, Phase 1 additionally feeds the ground-truth patches to the models, This
addition is essential because it is expected to help LLMs generate root cause and fixing strategy that are more likely correct
than otherwise hence serving the demonstrating (exemplar)
purposes to elicit LLMs’ similar reasoning at patching time.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 介绍了APPATCH的语义感知范围界定和动态自适应提示，与参考事实相关。
Yet again, for an arbitrary program to patch,
how to prepare the best exemplars is unknown (Challenge
2).

Third, LLMs are known to suffer from capacity (#tokens)
and context constraints, which makes it difficult to provide
necessary code context in a prompt and analyze sizable code;
yet vulnerabilities are context-sensitive and can be interprocedural, thus patching them often requires accommodating po-
tentially larger code contexts (Challenge 3).

Moreover, LLMs
are commonly subject to hallucination and non-deterministic
responses, whereas stably generating valid and correct patches
is essential for vulnerability patching—bad patching can be
worse than not patching (Challenge 4).

In this paper, we present APPATCH, a novel, automated
Adaptive prompting methodology for LLM-based vulnerability patching.

Given a vulnerable program with a known
vulnerability location, APPATCH first narrows down the scope
of analysis to only the relevant subset of the program via a
step called semantics-aware scoping.

This allows LLMs to
analyze a smaller code snippet that includes all the essential
information necessary for reasoning about the vulnerabilityrelated code behaviors, addressing Challenge 3.

Then, it elicits the LLM to identify the vulnerability’s root cause within
the reduced scope with vulnerability semantics reasoning,
henceforth selecting exemplars that best fit the program on
the fly from a pre-mined exemplar database, an essential step
referred to as dynamic adaptive prompting, which addresses
Challenges 2.

The database is built offline by mining exemplars from known patches.

With the adaptively chosen ex-
emplars, APPATCH forms the patching prompt automatically
to generate multiple candidate patches with LLMs, addressing Challenge 1.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅包含论文标题和作者信息，没有提供关于APPATCH方法的具体内容。
Appatch: Automated Adaptive Prompting 
Large Language Models for Real-World 
Software Vulnerability Patching
Yu Nong, University at Buffalo; Haoran Yang, Washington State University; 
Long Cheng, Clemson University; Hongxin Hu and Haipeng Cai, University at Buffalo
    APPATCH: Automated Adaptive Prompting Large Language Models for
                Real-World Software Vulnerability Patching


           Yu Nong1, Haoran Yang2, Long Cheng3, Hongxin Hu1, and Haipeng Cai1∗
               1University at Buffalo, 2Washington State University, 3Clemson University
       1{yunong,hongxinh,haipengc}@buffalo.edu, 2haoran.yang2@wsu.edu, 3lcheng2@clemson.edu

proaches achieve property-based repair based on access rangeTimely and effective vulnerability patching is essential for
                                                                 analysis hence enforcing given safety properties [24] or usecybersecurity defense, for which various approaches have
                                                                       sanitizers to extract vulnerability-representing constraints forbeen proposed yet still struggle to generate valid and cor-
                                                            symbolic-execution-based repair [20].

More recently, induc-rect patches for real-world vulnerabilities.

In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细描述了动态自适应提示的算法步骤，包括根因生成、示例选择和补丁生成，与参考事实相关。
With the vulnerability semantics computed in Step 2.1, we
perform dynamic adaptive prompting to guide the LLMs
to generate patches.

The overall algorithm of this dynamic
adaptive prompting step is shown in Algorithm 2.

APPATCH
leverages a progressive prompting strategy which prompts
the LLMs to generate the root cause, select exemplars, and
generate the patch in separated prompts.

This is to (1) guide
the LLMs to generate the patches step by step and (2) allow
LLMs to obtain the information and exemplars on demand.

Algorithm 2: Dynamic Adaptive Prompting
Input: vul_slice: vulnerable slice, exemplars: mined exemplars
Output: cand_patches: candidate patches
1 Function DynPrompting(vul_slice, exemplars)
cause ←GenCause(vul_slice)
// Generate root cause of the slice
chosen_exemplars ←[]
// Initialize an empty list
foreach exemplar in Exemplars do
exemplar_cause ←GetExemCause(exemplar)
// Extract cause
comp_ans ←CompareCause(cause, exemplar_cause)
if comp_ans is Yes then
chosen_exemplars.insert(exemplar)
// Add similar exemplars
if SizeOf(chosen_exemplars)≥8 then
break
// Break when the exemplars are enough
cand_patches←GenPatch(chosen_exemplars, vul_slice)
// Get vulnerable function slice
15 LLMAns ←GenCauseByLLM(cause_slice)
// Get response from LLMs
while HasExpandDemand(LLMAns) do
cause_slice ←cause_slice ∪GetDemandedFuncSlice(LLMAns)
18 LLMAns ←GenCauseByLLM(cause_slice)
return LLMAns
Root Cause Generation.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了APPATCH的性能和基于漏洞语义推理的自动化自适应提示，与参考事实相关。
Q: Given the following code: <code in Figure 1> which has a CWE-787 
vulnerability at line ɫɯ, please generate the patch for the
vulnerability.
śThe CWE-787vulnerability in the provided code  is related to
an out-of-bounds write, which can occur when copying the string 
`str` into `p` without ensuring that the destination buffer is 
large enough to hold the source stringɩɫ.

This can lead to 
overflow, memory corruption, and potentially exploitable 
conditions.

Here is the patch to mitigate this vulnerability:
### Patch: Use `Jsi_Strncpy` Instead of `Jsi_Strcpy`
Replace the `Jsi_Strcpy` function with `Jsi_Strncpy` to ensure that 
no more characters are copied than the size of the destination 
buffer allows.

This requires knowing the maximum buffer size.
with standard prompting.
28.41% and 68.54% F1, respectively.

APPATCH also outperforms SOTA traditional vulnerability patching approaches,
where they only achieve up to 17.53% and 85.00% recall
on the two datasets while APPATCH achieves 49.48% and
90.00% recall, respectively.

APPATCH is also reasonably efficient, taking on average 37.148-50.209 seconds to generate a
patch, and using 5,684-6,802 tokens per patch with the LLMs.

Our results suggest the practical feasibility and merits of
LLM-based vulnerability patching, via a novel methodology
(pivoted by automated adaptive prompting based on vulnerability semantics reasoning) of leveraging LLMs to generate
valid and correct patches.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 列出了APPATCH的四个关键设计元素，与参考事实中的方法一致。
Therefore, we introduce APPATCH,
an automated framework that adaptively prompts LLMs for
vulnerability patching with semantics reasoning guidance.

We
introduce four key design elements in APPATCH:
1.

To help LLMs concentrate on the most essential parts
of a program for vulnerability patching, we introduce
semantics-aware scoping, which only provides LLMs
with code entities that capture the core vulnerable behavior of the program (noted as vulnerability semantics).
2.

To guide LLMs to analyze and patch vulnerabilities correctly, we arm them with vulnerability semantics reasoning capabilities via CoT prompting [51] that demonstrates correct reasoning steps with a few exemplars.
3.

Considering the diversity of vulnerability root causes
and patching strategies, a large-scale exemplar pool is
needed.

However, manually writing the reasoning steps
for the exemplars is time-consuming.

Thus, we design
an automated exemplar mining module which generates
exemplars based on existing real-world samples.
4.

To provide the best-fit exemplars for a given testing sample (i.e., code to patch), we design dynamic adaptive
prompting which automatically picks exemplars based
on the vulnerability root causes of the testing sample.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 介绍了APPATCH使用漏洞语义推理和自适应提示进行自动化修补，与参考事实相关。
In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

They often also re-son about vulnerable code behaviors, which is essential for
                                                               quire that the code to patch be compilable, which furtherquality patch generation, we introduce vulnerability seman-
                                                                       limits their applicability (e.g., they can not be used before thetics reasoning and adaptive prompting on LLMs and instanti-
                                                                   project becomes complete).ate the methodology as APPATCH, an automated LLM-based
patching system.

Our evaluation of APPATCH on 97 zero-day       DL-based approaches overcome these limitations and have
vulnerabilities and 20 existing vulnerabilities demonstrates its     gained more momentum in recent years [14,18,52].

These
superior performance to both existing prompting methods and     techniques leverage existing vulnerability datasets to train
state-of-the-art non-LLM-based techniques (by up to 28.33%     a DL model that learns known vulnerability-fixing patterns,
in F1 and 182.26% in recall over the best baseline).

Through     hence the ability to repair a given vulnerability.

Despite their
APPATCH, we demonstrate what helps for LLM-based patch-     promises, they need sizable and quality training data with
ing and how, as well as discussing what still lacks and why.       vulnerability labels, which is not widely and diversely avail-
                                                              able [9, 39, 41].

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了语义感知范围界定和漏洞语义引导推理，与参考事实相关。
Then, the
code slice provided to LLMs Vexem only contains the paths
between any of such identified EI subset and any of the vulnerable statements.

This helps LLMs concentrate on the most
essential parts of the program for vulnerability patching.

In this template (as well as the one for dynamic adaptive
prompting’s root cause generation), we leverage vulnerabilitysemantics-guided reasoning, which is described as "Starting
with the external inputs, reason about the vulnerable behavior
step by step until the vulnerability is determined".

Although
this is simple, it significantly helps LLMs analyze the vulnerability root cause comprehensively and effectively.

Figures 5
and 9 show the comparison between the root cause analysis
with and without vulnerability-semantics-guided reasoning.

Without such reasoning, the output misses many details for
the vulnerability causes, which make the analysis inaccurate.

The key insight underlying our automated exemplar generation is that, with the ground-truth patches provided, LLMs
are capable of generating the correct reasoning steps which
are helpful to guide themselves to generate patches given new
samples to patch.

To corroborate this hypothesis, we conduct
a preliminary experiment on the real-world samples from our
collected dataset (see §5.1).

Based on our manual inspection
on the generated exemplars by GPT-4, 92.98% of the reasoning are correct, indicating that using LLMs to automatically
generate exemplars is effective.

These exemplars compose
the quality exemplar pool for the dynamic adaptive prompting
step (Step 2.2) to select exemplars from.

**LLM判定汇总**: 9/10 relevant → precision=0.9000

## [5] single_003_en

**Query**: How does CodeLLM-Devkit contextualize code LLMs? What framework components does it provide for improving code intelligence tasks?

**Reference**:
- CodeLLM-Devkit (CLDK) is an open-source Python library that simplifies program analysis across multiple programming languages to provide rich context to code LLMs.
- It offers a unified interface abstracting the complexities of static analysis tools, with modular components for program analysis, language-specific schemas, prompting, and retrieval augmentation.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接说明CLDK简化程序分析并提供丰富上下文给代码LLM，符合参考事实。
To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

With this library, developers can effortlessly integrate detailed,
code-specific insights that enhance the operational efficiency and
effectiveness of LLMs in coding tasks.

CLDK is available as an
open-source library at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到CLDK提供上下文信息增强代码LLM任务，符合参考事实中提供上下文的部分。
We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

Java )
# The user only needs to change the
# language, the APIs defined below will
# remain the same.
# For languages (like go) which don't
# have classes, it's corresponding
# equivalent (struct) will be returned.
classes = analysis.get_classes()
.query("(((impl_item) @impl))")
user only changes the language parameter
and challenges that they face while using various program
analysis and prompting tools.

We also studied how CLDK can
help ease their code LLM journey.
◦Evaluation and case studies.

We evaluate the effectiveness
of CLDK through real-world case studies and experiments that
showcase its impact on improving the performance of code
LLMs in real-world scenarios and improving research and
developer productivity.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述CLDK的模块化组件（分析、模式、提示、检索），直接匹配参考事实中的框架组件。
In this section, we discuss the design principles underpinning CLDK (codellm-devkit).

CLDK adopts a modular
structure, where each module has a clearly defined functional
responsibility such as analysis of programs, a schematic definition for each language, mechanisms to incorporate prompting
and retrieval.

The primary design objective of CLDK is to ensure: 1) Clean
separation of concerns; 2) The ability to independently update
and/or add extensions to each module; and 3) Enhanced ability
Compiler fuzzing
Program merge conflicts repair
been an integral part.

Fig. 7: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
based on manual investigation of academic works.
to test each module independently.

Fig. 8 provides an overview
of how CLDK operates and will be explained in the remainder
of this section.

A.

Architectural Overview
In this section, we provide a detailed description of the core
components of CLDK outlining their expected behavior and
illustrating how they function together.
1) CLDK core: This module serves as an entrypoint to
codellm-devkit.

It provides the interface for interacting
with the underlying functionalities.

This module offers all the
encapsulation necessary to configure CLDK, customize various
options based on the programming languages, and to run
analyses.

A typical usage of CLDK involves instantiation with
a target programming language.

Next, we create an analysis
object configured with language specific options to then invoke
specific functions for analysis or processing as needed.

An
example usage for a Java project is shown in Listing 1
1 cldk = CLDK(language="java")
2 j_analysis: JavaAnalysis = cldk.analysis(
# Other optional analysis options.

Listing 1: A sample instantiation of CLDK for Java.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 介绍CLDK作为开源库，简化程序分析并提供上下文，符合参考事实。
Codellm-Devkit: A Framework for Contextualizing
Code LLMs with Program Analysis Insights
Rahul Krishna∗†1, Rangeet Pan∗†2, Raju Pavuluri3†, Srikanth Tamilselvam4‡, Maja Vukovic5†, and Saurabh Sinha6†
†IBM Research, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA.
‡IBM Research, Bangalore, KA 560045, India.

Abstract—Large Language Models for Code (or code LLMs)
are increasingly gaining popularity and capabilities, offering a
wide array of functionalities such as code completion, code generation, code summarization, test generation, code translation, and
more.

To leverage code LLMs to their full potential, developers
must provide code-specific contextual information to the models.

These are typically derived and distilled using program analysis
tools.

However, there exists a significant gap—these static analysis
tools are often language-specific and come with a steep learning
curve, making their effective use challenging.

These tools are
tailored to specific program languages, requiring developers to
learn and manage multiple tools to cover various aspects of the
their code base.

Moreover, the complexity of configuring and
integrating these tools into the existing development environments
add an additional layer of difficulty.

This challenge limits the
potential benefits that could be gained from more widespread
and effective use of static analysis in conjunction with LLMs.

To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述CLDK提供统一接口，抽象复杂性，简化程序分析，符合参考事实。
Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

By supporting multiple programming languages
and offering easy integration capabilities, CLDK enables de-
velopers to effortlessly extract rich program analysis context
and supply it to code LLMs.

By lowering the barrier to
performing comprehensive program analysis, CLDK aims to
empower developers to harness the full potential of code LLMs
without the overhead of mastering multiple tools or dealing
with complex integrations.

We conjecture that CLDK will contribute significantly to the software engineering community by
facilitating more efficient and effective development practices.

Our contributions in this paper are as follows:
◦Development of CLDK.

We introduce CLDK, detailing its
architecture, features, and how it addresses the identified
challenges by providing a unified and simplified approach to
program analysis.
◦Integration with LLMs.

We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论开发者调查结果，不涉及CLDK如何上下文化或框架组件。
Nearly all
participants noted that they use Python to develop LLM-based
solutions, while one participant mentioned using TypeScript,
primarily due to having to build plugins for VS Code.
• The target language for LLM development (B4).

Most
code LLM use cases, according to our participants, were
focused on Java followed closely by Python, Go, and
Javascript/Typescript.

Some participants also used LLMs for
legacy languages such as COBOL and PL1.

The overall
distribution is shown in Fig. 5.

Fig. 5: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
at IBM.
• Use of program analysis (B5).

All but two participants (R1
and E2) agreed that that they use program analysis in their
code LLM pipeline.

Of the two exceptions, R1 answered that
their use case is surrounding taking LLM output off-the-shelf
whereas E1 works on building an evaluation pipeline for code
LLM (which does not warrant additional program analysis).
• Program analysis tool use (B6).

Of the participants that
answered affirmatively to the above, more than 60% of them
TABLE II: Developer survey questions.

A1.

What is your job title?

Open-ended
Role and Experience
A2.

How many years of software engineering experience do you have?

Numeric
B1.

How would you rate your experience with Code LLMs ?

MCQ
B2.

What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论静态分析工具挑战，不涉及CLDK本身。
Applying program analysis tools in the context of LLMs,
however, presents several challenges: (1) most existing static
analysis tools are highly specialized for individual programming languages, each with their own expressive capabilities
and idiosyncrasies, and further (2) existing tools like WALA
(for Java), LLVM (for Rust, and other C-family of languages),
and CodeQL each adopt distinct internal representations, ab-
straction levels, and querying mechanisms making it hard
to generalize across language families.

As a result, enabling
program analysis across multiple languages within a project
introduces a number of unique challenges that arise not merely
query = f"""import java
with open(f"codeql.ql", "w") as f:
result = subprocess.run (f'codeql query
for cls in str(result.stdout. strip() )
.split('\\n')[2:]]
for similar abstractions in several languages
subprocess calls, and string split/strip to ob-
tain an output.
due to the diversity of languages, but also because of the differences in how these analysis tools model the code structure,
the inherent semantic relationships, and their behavior.

For developers, this means grappling with different APIs,
data formats, and tooling conventions.

The complexity arises
from having to understand the specific design choices un-
derpinning each tool—ranging from abstract syntax trees
to intermediate representations and proprietary query languages—rather than simply managing tools for multiple languages.

Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 继续调查问题，不涉及CLDK。
What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

On average, how much time do you spend on prototyping and building your Code
LLM use cases?

B8.

What fraction of the time do you typically spend obtaining program analysis insights
for your projects?

C1.

What are the pros/cons of the tool(s) used?

Please explain.

Open-ended
C2.

What features or capabilities do you find missing in current program analysis tools?

Open-ended
C3.

How effective are your current tools when working with new programming languages
C4.

How would you rate the learning curve of your program analysis tools when applied
to new languages or applications?

C5.

Do you feel there is a need for better or easier-to-use program analysis tool for LLM
applications?

Please explain.

D1.

Do you use any prompting tool?

If yes, which tools and what are the ideal features
you would look for.

Prompting and RAG
D2.

Do you use any tool for RAG?

If yes, use any tool and what are the ideal features
you would look for.
have used various open-source tools like Tree-sitter, WALA,
JavaParser [16], Soot [17], LSP, etc,.

The remaining participants used/constructed in-house tools.
• Time to prototyping vs time to productionizing (B7).

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 调查结果，不涉及CLDK。
Do you use any tool for RAG?

If yes, use any tool and what are the ideal features
you would look for.
have used various open-source tools like Tree-sitter, WALA,
JavaParser [16], Soot [17], LSP, etc,.

The remaining participants used/constructed in-house tools.
• Time to prototyping vs time to productionizing (B7).

Ma-
jority of our interview participants agreed that a prototype
typically takes a week to a month, whereas a full production
take anywhere from 6 months to a year.
• Time spent obtaining program analysis (B8).

Most of
our participants suggested that they spend a medium amount
of their time obtaining analysis insights.

Some engineers
suggested delegating the analysis to subject matter experts on
program analysis to alleviate the learning curve.

Lesson: Most participants had medium to high LLM experience prototyping and building CodeLLM based applications.

Python was their dominant language for development, with
Java as their main target language.

Most used program
analysis tools, either open-source or custom-built, and
spent a significant amount of time obtaining program
analysis insights highlighting that program analysis is both
critical and time-intensive.
2) Need for Better/Easier Program Analysis Tools: In these
questions, we attempt to understand the key challenges users
face when they program analysis in their solution.

Overall, we
identified a few areas that could be improved for the existing
program analysis approaches.
• Program Analysis Depth (C1 and C2).

A key concern
raised was the availability of various tools that can perform
program analysis at different levels of complexity.

Participants
unanimously agreed that many LLM-based use cases require
lighter analysis, which can be efficiently handled by AST-
based tools like Tree-sitter and Antlr.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 总结CLDK简化多语言分析并提供上下文，符合参考事实。
Code LLMs are used for tasks like code completion,
generation, and test creation, but their effectiveness depends
on providing rich, code-specific context—often derived from
static analysis tools.

These tools present challenges due to their
steep learning curve and integration complexities, limiting
their widespread use.

To address this, we built CLDK as an
open-source library that simplifies program analysis across
multiple languages and frameworks to better contextualize
Code LLM interaction.

CLDK achieves this by providing an
intuitive interface for developers to harness the full potential
of LLMs more easily.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [6] single_004_en

**Query**: How does BTD recover DNN model specifications from compiled x86 executables? What techniques does it use and what are the key evaluation results?

**Reference**:
- BTD is a decompiler that recovers full DNN model specifications including operator types, dimensions, parameters, and network topology from x86 executables.
- BTD uses execution trace-based analysis with symbolic execution over tainted x86 instructions, and neural-assisted opcode classification using BPE and LSTM.
- BTD successfully recovers correct model specifications on 59 of 65 DNN executables compiled by TVM and Glow.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要对比BTD与侧信道攻击及C/C++反编译，未提及BTD使用的具体技术或评估结果，与参考事实无关。
In contrast,
BTD only requires a valid input.

For instance, a meaningless
image is sufﬁcient to decompile executables of CV models.

Also, according to the notation in Deﬁnition, local retraining
assumes 1 + 2 as prior knowledge, whereas BTD fully
recovers 1 + 2 + 3 from DNN executables.

Model Extraction via Side Channels.

Architectural-level
hints (e.g., side channels) leaked during model inference can
be used for model extraction [30,45,46,104,105,116].

These
works primarily recover high-level model architecture, which
are 1 or 1 + 2 according to our notation in Deﬁnition.

In
contrast, BTD statically recovers 1 and then dynamically
recovers 2 + 3 from DNN executables (but coverage is
not an issue; see Sec. 4.2 for clariﬁcation).

Sec. 9 further
compares BTD with prior model extraction works.

Figure 2: Compare CFGs of a Conv operator in VGG16 compiled by different DL compilers.

TVM refers to enabling no
optimization as “-O0” while enabling full optimizations as “-O3”.

Glow and NNFusion by default apply full optimizations.

Comparison with C/C++ Decompilation.

BTD is different
from C/C++ decompilers.

C/C++ decompilation takes executable and recovers C/C++ code that is visually similar to
the original source code.

Contrarily, we explore decompiling
DNN executables to recover original DNN models.

The main
differences and common challenges are summarized below.

Statements vs.

Higher-Level Semantics: Software decompilation, holistically speaking, line-by-line translates machine
instructions into C/C++ statements.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段是论文摘要，直接说明BTD恢复完整模型规范、使用学习技术和动态分析、以及评估结果（准确恢复复杂DNN），与参考事实相符。
Decompiling x86 Deep Neural Network Executables
Zhibo Liu, Yuanyuan Yuan, Shuai Wang∗
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
{zliudc,yyuanaq,shuaiw}@cse.ust.hk

Due to their widespread use on heterogeneous hardware
devices, deep learning (DL) models are compiled into executables by DL compilers to fully leverage low-level hardware
primitives.

This approach allows DL computations to be un-
dertaken at low cost across a variety of computing platforms,
including CPUs, GPUs, and various hardware accelerators.

We present BTD (Bin to DNN), a decompiler for deep neural network (DNN) executables.

BTD takes DNN executables
and outputs full model speciﬁcations, including types of DNN
operators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters that
are (nearly) identical to those of the input models.

BTD de-
livers a practical framework to process DNN executables
compiled by different DL compilers and with full optimizations enabled on x86 platforms.

It employs learning-based
techniques to infer DNN operators, dynamic analysis to reveal
network architectures, and symbolic execution to facilitate
inferring dimensions and parameters of DNN operators.

Our evaluation reveals that BTD enables accurate recovery of full speciﬁcations of complex DNNs with millions of
parameters (e.g., ResNet).

The recovered DNN speciﬁcations
can be re-compiled into a new DNN executable exhibiting
identical behavior to the input executable.

We show that BTD
can boost two representative attacks, adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing, against DNN executables.

We also demonstrate cross-architecture legacy code reuse us-
ing BTD, and envision BTD being used for other critical
downstream tasks like DNN security hardening and patching.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结BTD的贡献和评估，提到三步骤方法和高准确率，与参考事实中恢复模型规范和评估结果相关。
We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

In summary, we
contribute the following:
• This paper, for the ﬁrst time1, advocates for reverse engineering DNN executables.

BTD accepts as input (stripped)
executables generated by production DL compilers and outputs complete model speciﬁcations.

BTD can be used to aid
in the comprehension, migration, hardening, and exploitation of DNN executables.
• BTD features a three-step approach to recovering highlevel DNN models.

It incorporates various design principles
and techniques to deliver an effective pipeline.
• We evaluate BTD against executables compiled from largescale DNN models using production DL compilers.

BTD
achieves high accuracy in recovering (nearly) full speciﬁca-
tions of complex DNN models.

We also demonstrate how
common attacks are boosted by BTD.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段简短总结BTD恢复完整模型及评估成功，直接对应参考事实的第一和第三条。
We presented BTD, a decompiler for x86 DNN executables.

BTD recovers full DNN models from executables, including
operator types, network topology, dimensions, and parameters.

Our evaluation reports promising results by successfully
decompiling and further recompiling executables compiled
from popular DNN models using different DL compilers.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍BTD的三步骤方法，包括表示学习、动态分析和符号执行，与参考事实中使用的技术相关。
In particular, Amazon and Facebook are seen to spend considerable
effort to compile DL models on Intel x86 CPUs through the
usage of DL compilers [49,61,69].

Compilation of high-level models into binary code typically
involves multiple optimization cycles [22,64,85].

DL compilers can optimize code utilizing domain-speciﬁc hardware
features and abstractions.

Hence, generated executables manifest distinct representations of the high-level models from
which they were derived.

However, we observe that different
low-level representations of the same DNN operator in executables generally retain invariant high-level semantics, as
DNN operators like ReLU and Sigmoid, are mathematically
deﬁned in a rigorous manner.

This reveals the opportunity of
reliably recovering high-level models by extracting semantics
from each DNN operator’s low-level representation.

Extracting DNN models from executables can boost many
security applications, including adversarial example generation, training data inference, legacy DNN model reuse, migration, and patching.

In contrast, existing model-extraction at-
tacks, whether based on side channels [30,45,46,104,105,116]
or local retraining [76,78,79,94], assume speciﬁc attack en-
vironments or can leak only parts of DNN models with low
accuracy or high overhead.

We propose BTD, a decompiler for DNN executables.

Given a (stripped) executable compiled from a DNN model,
(a) DNN compilation pipeline.
we propose a three-step approach for full recovery of DNN op-
erators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters.

BTD
conducts representation learning over disassembler-emitted
assembly code to classify assembly functions as DNN operators, such as convolution layers (Conv).

Dynamic analysis
is then used to chain DNN operators together, thus recovering their topological connectivity.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细描述BTD的三步骤：表示学习分类操作符、动态分析连接拓扑、符号执行恢复维度和参数，与参考事实中的技术细节高度吻合。
Given a (stripped) executable compiled from a DNN model,
(a) DNN compilation pipeline.
we propose a three-step approach for full recovery of DNN op-
erators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters.

BTD
conducts representation learning over disassembler-emitted
assembly code to classify assembly functions as DNN operators, such as convolution layers (Conv).

Dynamic analysis
is then used to chain DNN operators together, thus recovering their topological connectivity.

To further recover dimensions and parameters of certain DNN operators (e.g., Conv),
we launch trace-based symbolic execution to generate symbolic constraints, primarily over ﬂoating-point-related computations.

The human-readable symbolic constraints denote
semantics of corresponding DNN operators that are invariant
across different compilation settings.

Experienced DL experts
can infer higher-level information about operators (e.g., di-
mensions, the memory layout of parameters) by reading the
constraints.

Nevertheless, to deliver an automated pipeline,
we then deﬁne patterns over symbolic constraints to automatically recover dimensions and memory layouts of parameters.

We incorporate taint analysis to largely reduce the cost of
symbolic execution which is more heavyweight.

BTD is comprehensive as it handles all DNN operators
used in forming computer vision (CV) models in ONNX
Zoo [77].

BTD processes x86 executables, though its core
technique is mostly platform-independent.

Decompiling ex-
ecutables on other architectures requires vendor support for
reverse engineering toolchains ﬁrst.

We also ﬁnd that DNN
“executables” on some other architectures are not in standalone executable formats.

See the last paragraph of Sec. 2
for the signiﬁcance of decompiling x86 DNN executables,
and see Sec. 8 for discussions on cross-platform support.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论反汇编和编译来源，提到学习方法和评估无错误，与参考事实中BTD的技术和评估相关。
We further discuss
the extensibility of BTD in Sec. 7.3.

Disassembling and Function Recovery.

BTD targets 64-bit
x86 executables.

Cross-platform support is discussed in Sec. 8.

ReLU; Sigmod; … Add; Sub; Negative; Sqrt; …
BiasAdd; Multiply; Divide; BN;
(b) Four types of operators.

BTD supports stripped executables without symbol or debug
information.

We assume that DNN executables can be ﬁrst
ﬂawlessly disassembled with assembly functions recovered.

According to our observation, obstacles that can undermine
disassembly and function recovery in x86 executables, e.g., in-
struction overlapping and embedded data [32], are not found
in even highly-optimized DNN executables.

We use a commercial decompiler, IDA-Pro [41] (ver. 7.5), to maximize
conﬁdence in the credibility of our results.

Compilation Provenance.

Given a DNN executable e, compilation provenance include: 1) which DL compiler is used,
and 2) whether e is compiled with full optimization -O3 or no
optimization -O0.

Since some DNN operators (e.g., type IV in
Fig. 3(b)) in e are highly optimized when compiled, the compilation provenance can be inferred automatically by analyzing
patterns over sequences of x86 instructions derived from e.

We extend our learning-based method from Sec. 4.1 to predict
compilation provenance from assembly code.

Our evaluation
of over all CV models in ONNX Zoo ﬁnds no errors.

Overall,
we assume that compilation provenance is known to BTD.

Therefore, some patterns can be designed separately for Glowand TVM-emitted executables; see details in Appendix C.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论处理时间和攻击增强，包含评估结果（处理时间、攻击效果），与参考事实中的评估结果相关。
Processing Time.

All experiments run on Intel Xeon CPU
E5-2678 with 256GB RAM and an Nvidia RTX 2080 GPU.

Generally, processing time is not a concern for BTD.

Training
operator identiﬁer described in Sec. 4.1 takes less than one
hour.

The total operator identiﬁcation time is about one second.

Recovering DNN network structures (Sec. 4.2) requires
only a few seconds since DNN executables are all lightweight
instrumented in this task.

Taint analysis can take from minutes to hours, depending on model size.

Symbolic execution
and parameter extraction usually take several minutes.

Ap-
pendix A report details of processing time.

Boosting DNN Attacks.

BTD extracts high-level model
speciﬁcations from executables, allowing attackers to carry
out white-box attacks toward the decompiled DNN models.

In contrast, when attackers can only interact with DNN ex-
ecutables, attackers have to launch black-box attacks.

With
BTD, we demonstrate two attacks: adversarial example (AE)
generation [71] and knowledge stealing [42] in a white-box
setting.

The results suggest that the white-box attacks enabled
by BTD are much more powerful than the black-box settings.

BTD enables recovering 151.4× more AEs than the blackbox setting within 20 minutes, and the knowledge stolen from
white-box models are of much higher quality than from the
black-box executables; see details in Appendix D.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段报告评估结果：65个可执行文件、60小时、低错误率，直接对应参考事实第三条。
Decompiling ex-
ecutables on other architectures requires vendor support for
reverse engineering toolchains ﬁrst.

We also ﬁnd that DNN
“executables” on some other architectures are not in standalone executable formats.

See the last paragraph of Sec. 2
for the signiﬁcance of decompiling x86 DNN executables,
and see Sec. 8 for discussions on cross-platform support.

BTD was evaluated by decompiling 64-bit x86 executables
emitted by eight versions of three production DL compilers, TVM [22], Glow [85], NNFusion [64], which are de-
veloped by Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft, respectively.

These compilers enable full optimizations during our evaluation.

BTD is scalable to recover DNN models from 65
DNN executables, including nearly 3 million instructions, in
60 hours with negligible errors.

BTD, in particular, can re-
cover over 100 million parameters from VGG, a large DNN
model, with an error rate of less than 0.1% (for TVM-emitted
executable) or none (for Glow-emitted executable).

Moreover, to demonstrate BTD’s correctness, we rebuild decompiled model speciﬁcations with PyTorch.

The results show
that almost all decompiled DNN models can be recompiled
into new executables that behave identically to the reference
executables.

We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提出研究问题并说明BTD在59/65上正确，直接对应参考事实中的评估结果。
In this section, we evaluate BTD by exploring the following
four research questions (RQs) below:
RQ1 (Comprehensiveness and Correctness): Is BTD comprehensive and correct to process all operators used in common DL models compiled with different compilers and optimization options?

RQ2 (Robustness): Is BTD robust to survive frequent DL
compiler implementation changes?

RQ3 (Extensibility): Can BTD be easily extended to support
new operators and models?

What efforts are needed?

RQ4 (Error Fixing): How does BTD handle decompilation
errors?

We evaluated BTD with seven real-world CV models and
an NLP model compiled with eight versions of compilers
to provide a comprehensive evaluation.

BTD can produce
correct model speciﬁcations on 59 of 65 DNN executables,
and experienced users can quickly ﬁx 3 of 6 remaining errors.

Nevertheless, we recognize that some errors cannot be easily
ﬁxed by normal users.

In the evaluation, we only use ground
truths to verify the correctness of decompilation results.

BTD
is designed to cope with real-world settings and does not rely
on any ground truth.

Setup and results are below.

Compilers.

Table 1 lists compilers we used.

We select eight
versions of three state-of-the-art DL compilers.

Glow does
not have a release yet, so we use three versions that are at
least six months apart.

Glow and NNFusion only generate
fully-optimized executables, but TVM can be conﬁgured to
use different optimization levels.

Therefore, we use TVM
with no and full optimizations to build two sets of executables, while using Glow and NNFusion with default settings.

All models are compiled into 64-bit x86 executables.

**LLM判定汇总**: 9/10 relevant → precision=0.9000

## [7] single_005_en

**Query**: What are the main categories and taxonomy of pitfalls when using LLMs for code intelligence, according to the Pitfalls survey?

**Reference**:
- The Pitfalls survey provides a taxonomy of common failure modes when applying LLMs to code intelligence tasks, organized into four key aspects of the LM4Code lifecycle.
- The four categories are: data collection and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.
- Specific pitfalls include data snooping, spurious correlations, inappropriate model design, inappropriate evaluation datasets, and overfitting.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论LM4Code研究的可重复性问题，未涉及查询中要求的陷阱分类或具体类别。
The reproducibility of research findings through independent verification is a fundamental requirement of the
scientific process that allows reported improvements to be validated and incrementally built upon [60].

However,
our analysis reveals that performance evaluation in LM4Code research may lack sufficient reproducibility.

The proposed approaches frequently bypass consistent evaluation protocols, datasets, and implementation
details, making it difficult for others to replicate the experiments described in the literature and validate their
accuracy [191].

Furthermore, inconsistent performance across different runs or implementations obscures the
reliability of findings, as initial results that appear promising frequently fail to fully replicate in subsequent
studies [191].

This phenomenon indicates that minor variances in experimental conditions, which are rarely
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段是论文的引言部分，介绍了研究背景和动机，但未直接给出陷阱的分类或具体类别。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and
Survey
XINYU SHE∗, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YUE LIU∗, Monash University, Australia
YANJIE ZHAO, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YILING HE, Zhejiang University, China
LI LI, Beihang University, China
CHAKKRIT TANTITHAMTHAVORN, Monash University, Australia
ZHAN QIN, Zhejiang University, China
HAOYU WANG†, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China

Modern language models (LMs) have been successfully employed in source code generation and understanding, leading to
a significant increase in research focused on learning-based code intelligence, such as automated bug repair, and test case
generation.

Despite their great potential, language models for code intelligence (LM4Code) are susceptible to potential
pitfalls, which hinder realistic performance and further impact their reliability and applicability in real-world
deployment.

Such challenges drive the need for a comprehensive understanding - not just identifying these issues but delving
into their possible implications and existing solutions to build more reliable language models tailored to code intelligence.

Based on a well-defined systematic research approach, we conducted an extensive literature review to uncover the pitfalls
inherent in LM4Code.

Finally, 121 primary studies from top-tier venues have been identified.

After carefully examining these
studies, we designed a taxonomy of pitfalls in LM4Code research and conducted a systematic study to summarize the issues,
current solutions, implications, and challenges of different pitfalls for LM4Code systems.

We developed a comprehensive
classification scheme that dissects pitfalls across four crucial aspects: data collection and labeling, system design and learning,
performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段明确提到了数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱，包括不平衡分布、数据噪声和标注错误，与参考事实中的数据收集和标注类别相关。
The data-hungry language models require large-scale and high-quality training datasets.

According to a survey
by Hou et al. [54], the majority of LMs for code intelligence are trained using data from open-source platforms,
with GitHub and StackOverflow being the most popular options.

However, the data in these platforms are
user-contributed, varying significantly in the level of quality and reliability.

It leads to non-negligible noises,
bias, and errors in the training dataset and further affects the behavior of the models, which brings significant
pitfalls in LMs for code intelligence.

In this section, we provide a brief description of related studies and discuss
the implications and potential solutions during the data collection and labeling stages.
3.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
From the collected papers, we identified 22 research studies focusing on pitfalls during the data collection and
labeling process.

Table 2 presents the statistics of literature on this topic, where the pitfalls can be grouped into
three main categories.

Unbalanced Distribution: Unbalanced distribution arises when there is a lack of proper randomization in
the selection of samples, leading to certain populations being underrepresented or overrepresented [135].

In
code-related scenarios, it usually refers to the gap between the sample distribution of real-world practices and
training datasets.

For example, as emphasized by [15, 144, 182], vulnerable instances in vulnerability detection
studies are overwhelming while neutral code instances in real-world environments considerably outnumber their
vulnerable counterparts.

This imbalance extends to other code-based tasks.

In software defect prediction, where
defective modules are scarce compared with non-defective cases in real-world environments [81, 189].

Similarly,
bug report classification suffers from underrepresentation of the minority bug class [81].

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提到了根据LM4Code生命周期（包括数据收集和标注、系统设计和学习、性能评估、部署和维护）进行分类，与参考事实中的四个类别一致。
We conducted a qualitative and quantitative synthesis of the collected studies.

We present a taxonomy of the collected studies according to the LM4Code lifecycle, including data
collection and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, deployment, and maintenance.

Our synthesis investigates the pitfalls present in LM4Code, summarizes the implications of these pitfalls,
investigates how these issues are addressed, and outlines future challenges in this field.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
(a) Distribution of papers over years
• Insightful Findings and Recommendations.

In addition to identifying and analyzing pitfalls, we distilled
practical insights and recommendations for researchers and practitioners in the field of LM4Code.

These
findings pave the way for developing more robust and reliable language models tailored for code in-
telligence, mitigating potential challenges and maximizing their utility of such models in real-world
applications.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结了系统设计和学习阶段的陷阱，包括数据窥探、虚假相关和不适当的模型设计，与参考事实中的具体陷阱相关。
Regularization, such as dropout or L2 regularization, helps in
preventing overfitting, while fine-tuning allows pre-trained models, like CodeBERT, to adapt to specific dataset
nuances, as demonstrated by Fang et al. [33].

By integrating these strategies, models can be better positioned to
achieve superior outcomes.

Summary - System Design and Learning
In this study, we uncover 43 research studies related to pitfalls in system design and learning.

These pitfalls
can be categorized into three main categories: data snooping, spurious correlations, and inappropriate model
design, leading to overestimated performance and compromised efficacy of LM4Code Systems.

Proposed
solutions encompass refined data handling, model explainability, and optimization strategies like architecture
adjustments, ensembling, and regularization.

For SE tasks specifically, selecting an appropriate model is crucial,
necessitating consideration of domain knowledge specific to particular code types, the complexity of the
coding task, and model input limitation.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
across time (Section 5)

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结了数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱（不平衡分布、数据噪声、标注错误），与参考事实中的数据收集和标注类别相关。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
Figure 6.

Paper distribution about System Design and Learning
across time (Section 4)
Benchmark Augmentation with LLMs: Despite the many challenges associated with LLMs, they remain
highly effective production tools, and we should not dismiss their potential.

Leveraging current large models, we
can generate more comprehensive, task-adaptive datasets.

For instance, Xia et al.[176] introduced EVOEVAL, a
program synthesis benchmark suite that uses the power of GPT-4 to evolve existing benchmarks into different
target domains, aiming to provide a more thorough evaluation of LLM coding abilities.

They found that, compared
to the high performance on standard benchmarks like HUMANEVAL [19], popular LLMs experienced a significant
performance drop (an average of 39.4%) on EVOEVAL, highlighting the limitations of standard benchmarks and
the effectiveness of their approach.

Additionally, EvalPlus [90] combines emerging LLM-based methods with
traditional mutation-based approaches for test case generation.

It continuously expands inputs using LLM and
applies a greedy set-covering approach for constraint handling, fully harnessing the capabilities of large models.

Summary - Data Collection and Labeling
Based on 22 relevant studies, our literature review reveals three prevalent pitfalls (i.e., unbalanced distribution,
data noise, and labeling errors) in the data collection and labeling process.

These pitfalls propagate, causing
overestimated performance and compromised model efficacy.

Though initial solutions like data cleaning/de-
noising and real-world benchmarks have been proposed, and recent efforts exploring large models for dataset
generation show promise, the field is far from reaching a comprehensive resolution.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段明确提到了陷阱分类基于LM4Code生命周期的四个阶段，与参考事实中的分类一致。
In this research study, we conducted a comprehensive and rigorous systematic literature review to examine
the pitfalls present in LM4Code.

We utilized a well-defined systematic literature review approach and finally
obtained 121 relevant research studies from top-tier venues.

We first provided a taxonomy and we classified
the existing pitfalls in LM4Code based on the various stages of the LM4Code lifecycle, including data collection
and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.

For each
stage, we provided a thorough review of the relevant studies based on the pitfall types, implications, and existing
solutions.

Finally, we described the current challenges and discussed the open opportunities that demand more
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
study in this area.

We hope that our work will motivate other researchers, making language models enhanced
for code intelligence more reliable and trustworthy, thereby ensuring their effective deployment into real-world
applications.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
We sincerely thank Zhou Yang and Zhensu Sun, PhD students at Singapore Management University, for their
invaluable insights, feedback, and assistance in clearly defining the taxonomy of pitfalls in language models for
code.

Their contributions greatly helped shape and improve this work.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论了性能评估阶段的陷阱，包括不适当的评估数据集和性能指标，与参考事实中的性能评估类别相关。
Figure 8 presents the distribution of the relevant literature over years, while Figure 9 summarizes the distribution
between different LMs.

Between 2018 and 2023, there was a noticeable increase in the number of articles, suggesting
a growing focus of researchers on pitfalls in LM4Code during the performance evaluation phase.

However, in 2024,
there was a sharp decline, with an Inappropriate evaluation dataset and Inappropriate performance measures
contributing significantly to this decrease.

Among the identified studies, inappropriate evaluation datasets have
the most mentions, with 20 studies, showing the difficulty in establishing representative datasets of LM4Code
for reliable model performance.

Additionally, inappropriate performance measures also garnered considerable
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
research attention, with 16 identified studies.

From Figure 9, we can observe that Transformer-based models were
the most discussed, evidencing their increasing adoption for SE tasks.

In summary, these observations emphasize
critical areas for improvement to enable robust evaluation and unbiased analysis of capabilities as LM4Code
evolves.

Careful consideration of evaluation datasets, metrics, and baselines will be integral to advancing progress
in the field.
5.2 RQ2-Solutions
Given the pitfalls identified during the performance evaluation phase, it is essential to propose solutions to
address these challenges and optimize the evaluation process.

We summarize the existing solutions as follows.

Standardized and Realistic Benchmarks: Establishing robust and realistic benchmarks is critical for rigorous
performance evaluation in LM4Code research.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论数据清洗等解决方案，以及模型架构的演变，未直接涉及查询要求的陷阱分类。
Figure 5 as well as Figure 2 together
reveal that with the emergence and widespread use of sophisticated models such as CodeBERT, CodeLlama and
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
BLEU-4 drops from 31.92% to
14.19%
MRR improves from 0.407 to 0.512
after data cleaning
Training three models with the
BLEU-4 by 27%, 21%, and 24%
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
Figure 4.

Paper distribution about Data Collection and Labeling across time (Section 3)
GPT, the data bias of conventional language models, specifically LSTM and GRU, is gradually fading from the
view of researchers.
3.2 RQ2-Solutions
Recognizing pitfalls in data collection and labeling has emphasized the need for robust solutions to address and
mitigate these issues.

Several solutions have been proposed in the literature that we’ve reviewed.

These solutions
have been organized into distinct categories based on their underlying principles and methodologies.

Data Cleaning/Denoising: Data cleaning/denoising is the process of improving a dataset by removing or
correcting abnormalities, inconsistencies, and inaccuracies.

This phase is critical to ensure that the training data
is accurate and does not contain any misleading or irrelevant information.

Many pitfalls develop as a result of
noisy or erroneous data, and data cleaning is the major method for dealing with such difficulties.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论模型架构的分布和软件工程任务，未涉及查询要求的陷阱分类或具体类别。
It is important to note that while both LSTM and GRU are
types of RNN, in this study, articles that only specify the use of RNN without further detail are categorized under
“General RNN”.

Similarly, despite observing the utilization of several popular transformer-based architectures
such as CodeBERT, CodeX, and CodeT5, papers that merely claim the use of a self-defined or custom-designed
transformer are classified as “General Transformer” in subsequent sections.

The temporal analysis in Figure 2
reveals LSTM’s dominance before 2020, followed by a significant shift toward transformer-based language
models in the past four years, particularly pre-trained models like CodeBERT and Codex.

Recent years have seen
increased investigation into large language models such as GPT-4 and CodeLlama, aligning with observations
from previous surveys in learning-based software engineering [54, 165, 172].

Table 1 summarizes the distribution


ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
Duplicate Bug Report Detection(1)
of software engineering tasks addressed in the collected papers.

Code generation, code summarization, code
search, vulnerability detection, and clone detection emerge as the primary scenarios for investigating LM4Code
pitfalls, encompassing both classification and generation tasks.

Overall, our analysis underscores that LM4Code has been an increasing area of interest.

Particularly, since 2021,
there has been an increasing amount of literature emphasizing the pitfalls of LM4Code.

These pitfalls may hinder
realistic performance and can affect how reliable and practical LM4Code systems are in real-world situations.

Our collected papers cover a wide range of language models and many different software engineering tasks.

As
we delve deeper into our primary topic in the subsequent sections, this preliminary overview sets the foundation
for a comprehensive analysis of the challenges and opportunities in LM4Code.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [8] single_006_en

**Query**: How does FlippedRAG achieve black-box opinion manipulation? What is its attack methodology and what access does it require?

**Reference**:
- FlippedRAG is a black-box adversarial attack that manipulates RAG-generated opinions by training a surrogate retrieval model through querying the target RAG, then generating adversarial triggers to re-rank target documents.
- The attacker only needs query access to the RAG system and the ability to inject a limited number of modified candidate texts into the corpus.
- FlippedRAG targets controversial opinion-based queries rather than factoid questions, and does not require access to the knowledge base, retriever internals, or LLM parameters.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 不相关，主要讨论实验结果和比较，未涉及FlippedRAG的方法论或访问要求。
We focus on “Health”, “Society”, “Government”, “Education” four domains.

FlippedRAG significantly increases the proportion of candidate items with target
opinion in the Top 3 of the retrieval list, guiding the LLM to change
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Zhuo Chen et al.

Figure 4: Overall opinion manipulation effect on Llama-3 with Contriever.

We use color blocks to represent the distribution of
different opinions and polarities corresponding to the generated content.
results across attack baselines on target opinion Pro/Con . "-"
0.40 Disinformation + Static text
0.17 Disinformation + Static text
its opinion in the response.

However, the manipulation effect varies
across different themes.

The detailed discussion is in Appendix B.3.

We conducted a systematic comparative evaluation of FlippedRAG’s manipulation efficacy against established black-box attack
baselines, with the quantitative results comprehensively tabulated
in Table 6.

Entries denoted by ’–’ in the table signify that the specified evaluation metric is inapplicable to the corresponding attack
methodology process.

The comparative experiment results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG demonstrate superior efficacy in the opinion manipulation task, with PoisonedRAG exhibiting marginally
enhanced performance compared to FlippedRAG.

While Prompt In-
jection Attack, Disinformation, Static Text, "Disinformation + Static
text", and PAT transfer-based attack achieve moderate effectiveness
in opinion manipulation, GARAG manifests the most suboptimal
performance within this adversarial task paradigm.

The superior performance of PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG
stems from their targeted optimizations of critical components in
the RAG workflow: retrieval and generation.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 不相关，讨论对抗释义和随机平滑的防御效果，未涉及方法论或访问要求。
We
also exclude the evaluation of GARAG for its inefficacy in opinion
manipulation.

The attack effectiveness of FlippedRAG and other baselines
against paraphrasing is presented in Table 10.

Both the baselines
and FlippedRAG exhibit a decline in attack effectiveness when confronted with paraphrasing, yet PoisonedRAG’s and FlippedRAG’s
overall attack performance remains notably significant.

PoisonedRAG demonstrates a less reduction in attack effectiveness under
paraphrasing defense attributed to the direct insertion of queries.
5.4.5 Mitigation Based on Randomized Mask Smoothing.

Randomized smoothing is a defense method aiming at achieving certified
robustness against adversarial examples.

It constructs a smoothed
composite function by introducing random variables to the original
function or the model, enabling the certification of its robustness
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
under certain conditions.

We explore randomized mask smoothing
as a defense mechanism to counteract RAG attacks in Figure 6.

More detail is provided in Appendix B.5.

The experimental results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and
FlippedRAG experience a slight decline in attack effectiveness when
confronted with randomized masking smoothing.

However, since
both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG employ trigger insertion, the
compositions of their adversarial documents are similar after masking operations.

Additionally, because PoisonedRAG inserts the
query itself as the trigger, which enhances retrieval ranking more
effectively, the decline in PoisonedRAG’s attack success and opinion
manipulation success rate is somewhat smaller.

Our findings further reveal that the success rate of RAG attacks
continues to increase when the mask rate ranges from 0% to 30%.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 相关，提到FlippedRAG使用黑盒检索器模仿过程，这是其方法论的一部分。
The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

The stronger baseline
integrating Disinformation and Static Text demonstrates improved
ranking relevance and guides LLM output during the generation
phase, consequently achieving superior manipulation efficacy compared to its constituent baselines.

However, due to the absence of
dedicated optimization for retrieval or ranking relevance, its ranking manipulation capability remains constrained.

Consequently,
the overall attack efficacy falls short of both FlippedRAG and PoisonedRAG.

The limited adaptability of GARAG to black-box opinion ma-
nipulation tasks arises from two fundamental constraints.

First, its
methodology, originally designed for closed-domain QA to deviate
RAG systems from factual correctness, exploits a vast generative
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
space where any incorrect output suffices as a successful attack.

In contrast, our opinion manipulation framework strictly confines
LLM outputs to binary stance options (support/oppose), significantly increasing the attack complexity.

Second, our implementation reveals white-box dependencies in GARAG’s genetic algorithm,
which leverages internal retriever and LLM calculated values during
adversarial document optimization.

These architectural dependencies undermine its efficacy in more authentic black-box scenarios.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 相关，直接描述了FlippedRAG通过训练替代检索器和生成对抗触发器的方法，符合参考事实。
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial
Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) enriches LLMs by dynamically retrieving external knowledge, reducing hallucinations and
satisfying real-time information needs.

While existing research
mainly targets RAG’s performance and efficiency, emerging studies
highlight critical security concerns.

Yet, current adversarial ap-
proaches remain limited, mostly addressing white-box scenarios
or heuristic black-box attacks without fully investigating vulnerabilities in the retrieval phase.

Additionally, prior works mainly
focus on factoid Q&A tasks, their attacks lack complexity and can
be easily corrected by advanced LLMs.

In this paper, we investigate
a more realistic and critical threat scenario: adversarial attacks in-
tended for opinion manipulation against black-box RAG models,
particularly on controversial topics.

Specifically, we propose FlippedRAG, a transfer-based adversarial attack against black-box RAG-
like systems.

We first demonstrate that the underlying retriever of
a black-box RAG can be reverse-engineered and approximated by
enumerating critical queries, candidates, and answers, enabling us
to train a surrogate retriever.

Leveraging the surrogate retriever,
we further craft target poisoning triggers, altering vary few documents to effectively manipulate both retrieval and subsequent
generation, transferring the attack to the original black-box RAG
model.

Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 不相关，列出研究问题和基线，未解释FlippedRAG的方法论或访问要求。
RQ1: Does black-box retriever imitation effectively learn about
the internal knowledge of the retriever of RAG?

RQ2: How significant does opinion manipulation of FlippedRAG
influence the response of the LLM in RAG?

RQ3: Does opinion manipulation significantly impact users’
perceptions of controversial topics?

RQ4: Can FlippedRAG breach existing defense mechanisms?
4.4 Baselines
To the best of our knowledge, opinion manipulation in black-box
RAG has not been directly studied.

We therefore use PoisonedRAG
and GARAG as baselines and further include black-box–applicable
attacks targeting either LLMs or retrieval models.

A detailed introduction of the baselines is in Appendix A.2.
(1) Prompt Injection Attack.

Prompt injection attacks constitute a class of adversarial exploits wherein malicious actors strategically insert compromised instructions or corrupted data into the
inputs of LLM-integrated systems, thereby coercing the model’s
outputs to align with predefined adversarial objectives[21].
(2) Disinformation.

It [26] is a methodology for generating
credible-sounding misinformation by leveraging LLMs, employing
the adversarial prompt to induce LLMs to produce context passages
imbued with specific opinions to the controversial topics.
(3) Static Text.

We add static text to some documents that contradict the target opinion (“Experts dispute the above claims as
being unreliable”), inducing the LLM to reinforce the target opinion.

Additionally, we also introduce a stronger baseline by integrating
Disinformation and Static Text.
(4) PAT Transfer-based Attack.

We apply retrieval adversarial
strategy PAT[19] to the surrogate model that has not undergone
black-box imitation and transfer adversarial triggers to the RAG
system, assessing the effectiveness of the black-box imitation.
(5) GARAG.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 相关，提到FlippedRAG采用最小数据扰动策略和黑盒检索器模仿，涉及方法论。
While Prompt In-
jection Attack, Disinformation, Static Text, "Disinformation + Static
text", and PAT transfer-based attack achieve moderate effectiveness
in opinion manipulation, GARAG manifests the most suboptimal
performance within this adversarial task paradigm.

The superior performance of PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG
stems from their targeted optimizations of critical components in
the RAG workflow: retrieval and generation.

In the generation
phase, PoisonedRAG leverages LLMs to synthesize content engineered to steer target systems, while FlippedRAG adopts a minimal
data perturbation strategy by curating opinion-specific documents
that guide RAG systems to extrapolate desired stances through
Table 7: The controlled user experimental results on opinion
manipulation in controversial topics.

Mean ± SD represents
the arithmetic mean and standard deviation of user opinion
polarity values. * denotes statistical significance at p < 0.05.
summarization.

The enhanced efficacy of PoisonedRAG derives
from its retrieval optimization: injecting the question into documents, which maximizes the retrieval probability by exploiting
the semantic self-similarity.

In contrast, although FlippedRAG im-
proves adversarial document rankings through black-box retriever
imitation, its effectiveness remains suboptimal compared to exact
question-question matching paradigm.

The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 不相关，讨论对抗RobustRAG防御的成功率，未涉及方法论或访问要求。
The manipulation success rates of FlippedRAG and other baselines against RobustRAG defense is presented in Table 11.

Under Ro-
bustRAG mitigation, the OMSR of FlippedRAG decreases compared
to scenarios without defensive mechanisms, yet still maintains a
success rate reaching approximately 40%, significantly higher than
the attack success rates reported by Xiang et al. [31] for factoid
questions.

This discrepancy arises because RobustRAG was specifically designed as a mitigation method against attacks on factoid
and closed-ended questions, where poisoned documents typically
contain a single specific incorrect answer.

However, FlippedRAG
targets opinion-level manipulation, where a single passage may contain multiple terms or phrases with inherent opinion biases.

These
opinion-laden terms are quantitatively more prevalent, enabling
them to persistently influence the LLM’s output.

FlippedRAG demonstrates superior manipulation efficacy against
the RobustRAG defense framework compared to other baseline
methods.

The significantly diminished adversarial performance of
PoisonedRAG likely stems from its reliance on LLM-generated steering content to bias RAG outputs.

Prompt injection attack exhibits
the poorest performance against RobustRAG, with near-negligible
success rates.

This vulnerability arises from its dependence on in-
jected prompt instructions, which are effectively neutralized by
RobustRAG’s isolate-then-aggregate strategy.
5.4.7 Mitigation Based on Privacy Leakage Detection.

FlippedRAG
employs engineered prompts to induce context disclosure from
RAG systems, fundamentally exploiting inherent data leakage vulnerabilities.

This approach aligns with prior research by Zeng et
RobustRAG defense, where the retrieval model is Contriever.
0.20 Prompt Injection Attack
al.[35] exploring instruction-based extraction of contextual data
from LLMs.

To address such leakage vulnerabilities, existing methods mainly leverages LLMs for detection.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 相关，描述了攻击者的访问能力（无架构知识、可注入恶意内容），符合参考事实中的访问要求。
There are no restrictions on the number of calls to RAG.

Furthermore, the adversary has no knowledge of the architecture,
parameters, or any other information related to the models in RAG.

Modifying the prompt templates used by the LLM in RAG is also
prohibited.

Targeted traps necessitate adversary selection of controversial topics for manipulation, so adversaries possess awareness
of user query intents input to the target retriever in RAG.

FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
data of retrieval model and constructing contrastive pairs in
black-box RAG.

Following [4, 6, 27, 42], FlippedRAG presents realistic threats
to RAG-like systems using data from public platforms that allow
user edits.

Adversaries can compromise RAG output objectivity
by injecting malicious modifications into knowledge sources in-
cluding Wikipedia, user-generated content (UGC) platforms, and
other publicly accessible web resources.

As established in studies
[3, 18, 23], the retrieval corpus consists of millions of texts from
the Internet, enabling attackers to insert maliciously crafted web
content.

This demonstrates FlippedRAG’s viable threat potential
against real-world black-box RAG systems.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 不相关，总结实验结果，未涉及方法论或访问要求。
Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than the 
author(s) must be honored.

Abstracting with credit is permitted.

To copy otherwise, or 
republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior specific permission 
and/or a fee.

Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.

RAG-generated responses, ultimately causing a notable 20% shift in
user cognition.

Furthermore, we actively evaluate the performance
of several potential defensive measures, concluding that existing
mitigation strategies remain insufficient against such sophisticated
manipulation attacks.

These results highlight an urgent need for
developing innovative defensive solutions to ensure the security
and trustworthiness of RAG systems.
• Security and privacy →Domain-specific security and privacy architectures; • Information systems →Information ex-
traction; • Computing methodologies →Natural language processing.

RAG; Black-box Adversarial Attack; Opinion Manipulation
Zhuo Chen, Yuyang Gong, Jiawei Liu, Miaokun Chen, Haotan Liu, Qikai 
Cheng, Fan Zhang, Wei Lu, and Xiaozhong Liu. 2025.

FlippedRAG: Black-
Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented 
Generation Models.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference 
on Computer and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, 
Taipei.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 不相关，讨论关键词密度和释义防御，未涉及方法论或访问要求。
Keyword density, which
is a measure of how often a certain keyword or phrase appears,
is a critical factor in SEO as high keyword densities make spam
pages more relevant to the user query.

Given that the RAG attack
scenario involves manipulation during the search phase, we also
employed keyword density to detect the RAG attack in Table 9.

The keyword density of adversarial documents generated by
FlippedRAG and other baselines is comparable to that of natural
documents in clean data.

In contrast, the keyword density of documents generated by PoisonedRAG is significantly higher than that
of natural documents, making PoisonedRAG more susceptible to
being filtered out by search engine SEO review mechanisms.
5.4.4
Mitigation Based on Paraphrasing.

Cheng et al. [6] and Zou
et al. [42] attempt to employ paraphrasing defense to test the ef-
fectiveness of the RAG attack they proposed.

The implementation
detail of paraphrasing in our experiment is in Appendix B.5.

Table 10: Manipulation effect of the baselines and FlippedRAG against paraphrasing defense. w/o and w/ denote without and with, respectively.

Given that paraphrasing primarily targets the retrieval phase, the
comparative analysis excludes prompt injection attacks and static
text manipulation, as they exclusively focus on the generation.

We
also exclude the evaluation of GARAG for its inefficacy in opinion
manipulation.

The attack effectiveness of FlippedRAG and other baselines
against paraphrasing is presented in Table 10.

Both the baselines
and FlippedRAG exhibit a decline in attack effectiveness when confronted with paraphrasing, yet PoisonedRAG’s and FlippedRAG’s
overall attack performance remains notably significant.

**LLM判定汇总**: 4/10 relevant → precision=0.4000

## [9] cross_001_zh

**Query**: 比较 PoisonedRAG 和 Machine Against the RAG：它们各自如何攻击 RAG 系统？威胁模型的关键区别是什么？

**Reference**:
- PoisonedRAG 向知识库注入恶意段落来污染检索结果，需要访问知识库。
- Machine Against the RAG 通过阻塞文档压制相关检索，无需污染知识库。
- PoisonedRAG 需要攻击者访问知识库；Machine Against the RAG 仅需在查询时注入文档。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接比较了PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG的攻击方式（多个文档 vs 单个文档）及威胁模型（目标不同）。
In indirect prompt injection [17],
adversaries do not directly interact with the target LLM.

Instead, they inject adversarial inputs into third-party data,
which is then added to the LLM prompt (intentionally or
unintentionally) by the victim application and/or its users.

RAG poisoning attacks are an instance of indirect prompt
injection, where the adversary has the additional challenge
to ensure that their content is retrieved by the RAG system.

Zou et al.’s PoisonedRAG [68] adds multiple documents to
the database, crafted to make the system generate adversarychosen responses to specific queries—see Section 5.4 for
more details.

Their stated goal is misinformation rather than
jamming (denial of service).

PoisonedRAG adds multiple
documents to the database, whereas our attack only adds one.

That said, the adversary could use PoisonedRAG for jamming
by choosing a refusal to answer as the target response and limiting themselves to adding just one document to the database.

We evaluate this attack method in Section 6.6.

Concurrently and independently of this work, Chaudhari
et al. [8] described RAG poisoning attacks for several adversarial goals, including reputation damage, privacy violations,
harmful behaviors, and denial of service.

These attacks are
white-box and assume that the adversary knows both the em-
bedding model and the LLM used by the target RAG system.

This assumption rules out many realistic threat scenarios.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了PoisonedRAG利用知识数据库作为攻击面的特点，与参考事实中PoisonedRAG的攻击方式一致。
Many studies [37, 66–74] show machine learning models
are vulnerable to data poisoning and backdoor attacks.

In
particular, they showed that a machine learning model has
attacker-desired behaviors when trained on the poisoned training dataset.

When extended to RAG systems, they compromise an LLM or a retriever, which can be challenging when
a RAG system adopts an LLM or a retriever released by big
tech companies such as Meta and Google.

Different from
existing studies [37, 66, 67, 70], our attacks do not poison the
training dataset of a LLM or a retriever.

Instead, our attacks
exploit the new and practical attack surface introduced by
knowledge databases of RAG systems.

--- Chunk #2 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论的是FlippedRAG攻击，与PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG无关。
There are no restrictions on the number of calls to RAG.

Furthermore, the adversary has no knowledge of the architecture,
parameters, or any other information related to the models in RAG.

Modifying the prompt templates used by the LLM in RAG is also
prohibited.

Targeted traps necessitate adversary selection of controversial topics for manipulation, so adversaries possess awareness
of user query intents input to the target retriever in RAG.

FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
data of retrieval model and constructing contrastive pairs in
black-box RAG.

Following [4, 6, 27, 42], FlippedRAG presents realistic threats
to RAG-like systems using data from public platforms that allow
user edits.

Adversaries can compromise RAG output objectivity
by injecting malicious modifications into knowledge sources in-
cluding Wikipedia, user-generated content (UGC) platforms, and
other publicly accessible web resources.

As established in studies
[3, 18, 23], the retrieval corpus consists of millions of texts from
the Internet, enabling attackers to insert maliciously crafted web
content.

This demonstrates FlippedRAG’s viable threat potential
against real-world black-box RAG systems.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 继续讨论FlippedRAG，不涉及目标攻击方法或威胁模型区别。
The threat model presented here can be characterized as follows: the adversary can only
query the RAG-like system and does not have access to the complete
knowledge base or corpus, the retriever, or the parameters of the
RAG.

The attacker is only capable of injecting limited adversarially
modified candidate texts into the corpus, while the retriever and
the LLM remain black-boxed, intact, and unmodifiable.

To address aforementioned challenges, in this paper, we propose
FlippedRAG, a black-box attack method, to explore the reliability of RAG in controversial topics and investigate its impact on
user cognition, as shown in Figure 1.

By employing black-box re-
triever imitation [19] for opinion manipulation, we reveal specific
vulnerabilities in RAG-like systems.

Our motivation is based on
the observation in Figure 1.

When we queried ChatGPT (as of
March 2025, with web search enabled, functioning as a typical RAG-like application) on a specific topic and explicitly
instructed it to output the original content of its retrieved
references, it faithfully reproduced the exact text segments
from the retrieved candidates.

The reproduced outputs precisely matched the corresponding content on the web pages
linked in the reference citations and reflect the functionality of relevance matching.

It allow us to designed a retriever
imitation method for black-box RAG to address the limitations of
white-box attacks or heuristic-based attacks against such systems.

Specifically, we utilize carefully designed instructions to obtain
the retrieval results within the RAG model.

Subsequently, based
on the constructed (query, candidate) pairs from retrieval list, we
train a surrogate model using the extracted retrieval data [19, 30]
to approximate and transparentize the relevance preferences of the
retriever in the black-box RAG model.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细介绍了PoisonedRAG的性能和防御，直接相关。
Second, PoisonedRAG outperforms the SOTA baselines [42, 43].

For instance, on the NQ dataset, PoisonedRAG
(black-box setting) achieves a 97% ASR, while ASRs of 5
baselines are less than 70%.

Third, our ablation studies show
PoisonedRAG is robust against different hyper-parameters.

Defending against PoisonedRAG.

We explore several de-
fenses, including paraphrasing [44] and perplexity-based de-
tection [44–46].

Our results show these defenses are insufﬁ-
cient to defend against PoisonedRAG, thus highlighting the
need for new defenses.

Our major contributions are as follows:
• We propose PoisonedRAG, the ﬁrst knowledge corruption attack that exploit the new attack surface introduced
by knowledge databases of RAG systems.
• Our major contribution is to derive two necessary conditions for an effective attack to RAG systems.

We further
design PoisonedRAG to achieve these two conditions.
• We conduct an extensive evaluation for PoisonedRAG
on multiple knowledge databases, retrievers, RAG
PoisonedRAG with 5 baselines.
• We explore several defenses against PoisonedRAG.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击（阻塞文档），与参考事实一致。
We introduced a new type of denial-of-service vulnerabilities
in retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems.

A single
“blocker” document in a RAG database can jam the system, in-
ducing it to refuse to answer a certain query.

We demonstrated
this attack against several LLMs and showed that resistance
to jamming is a novel safety property, not captured by the
existing safety and trustworthiness metrics.

We evaluated several methods for generating blocker documents, including a new method based on black-box optimization that requires query-only access to the target RAG system.

While effective, this method produces documents that are
easy to detect.

One question for future research is if it is possible to generate, without relying on an oracle LLM, passive
blocker documents (i.e., without explicit instructions) that do
not appear anomalous to a human reader and are difficult to
detect automatically.

If such blockers exist, they will require
more sophisticated defenses than perplexity-based filtering.

Another open question is the existence of universal blocker
documents that jam an entire class of queries, as opposed to
paraphrases of a particular query.

Future research may investigate more stringent threat models.

For example, in many realistic settings adversaries are
limited to a relatively small number of queries to the target
RAG system.

Also, the target’s database may change between
the time the adversary generates the blocker and the time it
is added to the database or the time the database is queried.

This raises the question if it is possible to generate blocker
documents with access to a RAG system whose database is
not exactly the same as the target’s database.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论FlippedRAG的贡献，不涉及目标攻击。
DoS denotes denial-of-service and "-" denotes not applicable.
reveal that the proposed attack strategy can significantly alter the
opinion polarity of the content generated by RAG.

Furthermore, we
discuss the efficacy of potential defense mechanisms and conclude
that they are insufficient in mitigating this type of attack.

This not
only highlights the vulnerability of the retrieval model and RAG
model but, more importantly, underscores the potential negative
impact on user cognition and decision-making.

Such vulnerabilities
can increase the risk of misleading users into accepting incorrect
or biased information.

Our major contributions are as follows:
(1) We propose FlippedRAG, a novel transfer-based opinion ma-
nipulation attack against black-box RAG-like systems.

It realistically
reflects practical threat scenarios, and to our knowledge, we are
among the first to study adversarial opinion manipulation targeting
open-ended and controversial topics in RAG-based models.
(2) We propose a new approach to construct high-quality pseudorelevant contrastive pairs for training surrogate retrieval models in
black-box RAG.

It highlights risks regarding context data leakage
in LLM applications.

Extensive automated evaluations combined
with user studies confirm that our method effectively manipulates
the opinions generated by RAG models, ultimately influencing user
perception toward specifically targeted stance.
(3) We thoroughly evaluate existing defense measures and find
that they fail to effectively prevent or reduce the impact of FlippedRAG, underscoring the urgent need for novel and more robust
mitigation strategies.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 涉及生成blocker文档的方法，并提到受PoisonedRAG启发，与两者比较相关。
Inspired by PoisonedRAG [68], we consider using an auxiliary “oracle” LLM to generate blocker documents.

This
method is optimization-free and produces documents with
normal perplexity.

In our experiments, most generated documents do not contain explicit instructions and thus do not
suffer from the limitations described in Section 6.5.

Unfortunately, Table 3 shows that oracle-generated documents (“Orc”) are significantly less effective for jamming
than either instruction injection, or our approach, for almost
all embedding-LLM combinations.

Furthermore, efficacy of this method depends entirely on
the availability and capabilities of the auxiliary LLM.

For
example, switching the oracle from GPT–4 to Claude–3–Opus
[3] reduces the attack success rate by half, on average, when
evaluated over the NQ dataset and the GTR–based embedding
model, for both target responses and 5 LLMs.

When asked
to generate a blocker document for the query “in what state
did they film daddy’s home 2” and target response R1, GPT–4
generated “Regarding the filming location of "Daddy’s Home
2," specific details are elusive.

Without additional data, an
accurate answer cannot be ascertained.”, which resulted in
the RAG system not providing an answer.

Claude–3–Opus
generated “Daddy’s Home 2 is a comedy film released in 2017,
starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg.

The movie was a
sequel to the 2015 film Daddy’s Home.”, which resulted in the
RAG system generating an answer (i.e., the blocker document
failed to jam the query).

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 明确标题为Machine Against the RAG，描述其攻击方法和威胁模型。
Machine Against the RAG: Jamming Retrieval-
Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents
Avital Shafran, The Hebrew University; Roei Schuster, Wild Moose; 
Vitaly Shmatikov, Cornell Tech
Machine Against the RAG:
Jamming Retrieval-Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents

Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems respond to
queries by retrieving relevant documents from a knowledge
database and applying an LLM to the retrieved documents.

We
demonstrate that RAG systems that operate on databases with
untrusted content are vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks
we call jamming.

An adversary can add a single “blocker”
document to the database that will be retrieved in response to
a specific query and result in the RAG system not answering
this query, ostensibly because it lacks relevant information or
because the answer is unsafe.

We describe and measure the efficacy of several methods
for generating blocker documents, including a new method
based on black-box optimization.

Our method (1) does not
rely on instruction injection, (2) does not require the adversary
to know the embedding or LLM used by the target RAG
system, and (3) does not employ an auxiliary LLM.

We evaluate jamming attacks on several embeddings and
LLMs and demonstrate that the existing safety metrics for
LLMs do not capture their vulnerability to jamming.

We then
discuss defenses against blocker documents.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 介绍PoisonedRAG作为首个知识投毒攻击，与参考事实中PoisonedRAG的攻击方式相关。
Due to these beneﬁts, we have witnessed a variety of developed tools (e.g., ChatGPT Retrieval Plugin [20],
LlamaIndex [21], ChatRTX [22], and LangChain [23]) and
real-world applications (e.g., WikiChat [24], Bing Search [25],
Clinfo.

AI [26], Google Search with AI Overviews [27], Perplexity AI [28], and LLM agents [29, 30]) of RAG.

Existing studies [31–36] mainly focused on improving the
accuracy and efﬁciency of RAG.

For instance, some studies [32, 33, 36] designed new retrievers such that more relevant knowledge could be retrieved for a given question.

Other
studies [31, 34, 35] proposed various techniques to improve
the efﬁciency of knowledge retrieval.

However, the security
of RAG is largely unexplored.

To bridge the gap, we propose PoisonedRAG, the ﬁrst
knowledge corruption attack to RAG.

Knowledge database as a new and practical attack surface.

In this work, we ﬁnd that knowledge databases of RAG
systems introduce a new and practical attack surface.

In particular, an attacker can inject malicious texts into the knowledge database of a RAG system to induce an LLM to generate
attacker-desired answers to user questions.

For instance, when
the knowledge database contains millions of texts collected
from Wikipedia, an attacker could inject malicious texts by
maliciously editing Wikipedia pages [37]; an attacker could
also post fake news or host malicious websites to inject malicious texts when the knowledge databases are collected from
the Internet; an insider can inject malicious texts into an en-
terprise private knowledge database.

Threat model.

**LLM判定汇总**: 7/10 relevant → precision=0.7000

## [10] cross_002_zh

**Query**: 比较 FlatD、MACO 和 Hardening DNN Binaries：它们各自采用什么方法保护 DNN 模型免受逆向工程攻击？

**Reference**:
- FlatD 使用控制流平坦化隐藏 DNN 程序的控制流图，集成到 TVM 编译中。
- MACO 使用编译器级混淆防止从编译二进制文件中提取模型。
- Hardening DNN Binaries 提出针对 DNN 可执行文件逆向攻击的加固技术。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块介绍了针对DNN二进制的加固技术（NeuroShield），与参考事实中Hardening DNN Binaries直接相关。
Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse
West Lafayette, IN, USA
West Lafayette, IN, USA
zou116@purdue.edu

Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are proprietary assets due to the
expertise, confidential data, and high development costs involved in
model training.

Well-trained DNN models are compiled into DNN
binaries to be efficiently executed on various platforms, such as
edge devices and cloud infrastructures.

Recent research on DNN
binary decompilation shows the potential of stealing DNN models
via binary reverse engineering techniques.

While obfuscation is
a well-studied technique to hamper binary reverse engineering,
general obfuscation schemes are not designed for this new type of
binary and have limitations in concealing information within DNN
binaries due to the unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

In this paper, we show that existing reverse engineering attacks
on DNN binaries can recover 98.5% of DNN operators from DNN
binaries that have been obfuscated using general obfuscators.

We
then propose new obfuscation schemes tailored for DNN binaries,
namely, (1) Flexible Operator Fusion; (2) Fake Operator Insertion;
and (3) Operator Computation Reordering.

We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an end-to-end obfuscation toolchain
called NeuroShield.

Experiments show that NeuroShield is resilient
to existing model reverse engineering attacks while introducing a
reasonable overhead.

Specifically, NeuroShield reduces the operator
recovery rate to 3.03% for CV models and 47.18% for NLP models.

Moreover, it has comparable binary size overhead and significantly
lower execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM,
one of the commonly used general obfuscators.
• Security and privacy →Software reverse engineering.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DNN二进制逆向工程的一般问题，未提及FlatD、MACO或Hardening DNN Binaries的具体方法。
In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块继续描述NeuroShield的效果和贡献，与Hardening DNN Binaries相关。
Specifically, NeuroShield
reduces the operator recovery rate to 3.03% for three CV models
(Mnist, Resnet, and Mobilenet) and 47.18% for three NLP models
(FastText, ESM, and AlBert).

In terms of binary size, the overhead
of NeuroShield is comparable to OLLVM, and is much smaller than
Tigress and Loki.

Moreover, NeuroShield has a much smaller execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM, Tigress
and Loki.

Our contributions can be summarized as follows:
• We conduct a study to show the ineffectiveness of general
obfuscation schemes against existing DNN binary reverse
engineering attacks, by extending the state-of-the-art attack
on DNN binaries, and using it to effectively recover six DNN
models’ semantics from DNN binaries under general obfuscations.
• We propose three dedicated obfuscation schemes to enhance
DNN binaries against existing reverse engineering attacks.
• We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an endto-end DNN compilation toolchain called NeuroShield.

The source code of NeuroShield is available on GitHub 1.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要分析DNN二进制逆向工程的特点和攻击，未涉及三种保护方法。
They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

We implement an extended
version of the attack described in [37] which successfully recovers
the semantics of 98.5% operator functions from six DNN models
(Mnist, Resnet, Mobilenet, FastText, ESM and AlBert) under the
obfuscation of four general obfuscators (Fusor [75], OLLVM [27],
Tigress [66] and Loki [57]).

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块比较了NeuroShield与一般混淆器，与Hardening DNN Binaries相关。
Engineering Attacks
To compare the effectiveness of general obfuscators and NeuroShield
on DNN binaries, we evaluate them against two state-of-the-art
DNN decompilers, DnD and BTD.

Note that the BTD attack is the
extended version we mentioned in Section 3.2.

Table 5 reports the
attack time and the number of operator functions reconstructed by
DnD and BTD on compiled DNN models under different obfuscation
techniques.

We group the results for three CV models (Mnist, Resnet,
Mobilenet) and NLP models (FastText, ESM, Albert) together for
better presentation.

We only evaluate CV models for DnD as it only
supports CV models in its evaluation dataset.

For Loki’s obfuscated
models, only Mnist and FastText can finish execution.

As BTD is
based on dynamic analysis, we only evaluate the two models under
Loki’s obfuscation for BTD.

The upper part of Table 5 presents the attack results for DnD.

Among general obfuscators, Fusor is ineffective against DnD with
100% operator functions semantics being recovered.

The reason is
that the inserted opaque predicates do not change the overall nested
loop structures, which is the fundamental information leveraged
by DnD to infer the operator types and attributes.

The Other three
Table 5: Evaluation on existing DNN binary reverse engineering attacks.

For the BTD attack, we use a thread pool with
20 threads to parallelize the attack for all functions in each
general obfuscators achieve full protection against DnD, as they
drastically change the control flow structures.

For Tigress and Loki,
the attack stopped in about 30s because DnD failed to retrieve the
control flow graph of binaries under VM-based obfuscation.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块详细描述了NeuroShield的三种混淆方案，与Hardening DNN Binaries直接对应。
We implement an extended
version of the attack described in [37] which successfully recovers
the semantics of 98.5% operator functions from six DNN models
(Mnist, Resnet, Mobilenet, FastText, ESM and AlBert) under the
obfuscation of four general obfuscators (Fusor [75], OLLVM [27],
Tigress [66] and Loki [57]).

To defend against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN
binaries, we propose three dedicated obfuscation schemes: (1) Flexible Operator Fusion to create fused operators with more complex
semantics; (2) Fake Operator Insertion to introduce fake control
flow to each fused operator by leveraging the Bounded Neuron Activation characteristic [40] of DNN models; (3) Operator Computation Reordering to distribute computation evenly across outputs
for each operator.

We implement these obfuscation schemes in a
compilation toolchain called NeuroShield.

Experiments show that
NeuroShield is robust against existing reverse engineering attacks
while maintaining reasonable overhead.

Specifically, NeuroShield
reduces the operator recovery rate to 3.03% for three CV models
(Mnist, Resnet, and Mobilenet) and 47.18% for three NLP models
(FastText, ESM, and AlBert).

In terms of binary size, the overhead
of NeuroShield is comparable to OLLVM, and is much smaller than
Tigress and Loki.

Moreover, NeuroShield has a much smaller execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM, Tigress
and Loki.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DNN二进制逆向工程和代码混淆背景，未直接提及三种方法。
DNN Binary Reverse Engineering.

Attackers can reverse en-
gineer DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static
analysis [74] or dynamic analysis [37].

DnD [74] utilizes the static
control flow information in DNN binaries to reconstruct the loop
structures of DNN operators, which are then lifted to a customized
AST representation to recover the high-level semantics of DNN
operators.

BTD [37] performs symbolic execution on dynamic execution traces of DNN operators to reconstruct their semantics.

End-to-end DNN model fidelity attacks.

Another category of
DNN model stealing attack targets the model’s high-level functionality by treating it as a black box, e.g., querying it to train a surrogate
model [26, 67].

Fake Operator Insertion provides a certain extent
of protection for this kind of attack — only valid input will trigger
the model’s true behavior.

Attackers could still potentially train a
high-fidelity surrogate model given sufficiently extensive queries,
but with higher computational resources for model training.

Code Obfuscation.

Code Obfuscation is a technique used to make
software binaries harder to understand and analyze.

This is achieved
by altering the binary code in a way that preserves its original functionality but conceals its logic and intent from human or automated
reverse engineering attacks.

General obfuscation schemes include
Opaque Predicates [13, 46, 53, 75], Control Flow Flattening [10, 70],
Virtualization [2, 6, 11, 20, 29, 30, 34, 57, 61, 71, 72, 76], and Mixed
Boolean Arithmetic [57, 82].

These obfuscation schemes are ineffective against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN binaries
due to certain unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

DNN Structure Obfuscation.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要介绍一般混淆方案和DNN结构混淆，虽提及NeuroShield但非核心描述，不直接对应参考事实。
General obfuscation schemes include
Opaque Predicates [13, 46, 53, 75], Control Flow Flattening [10, 70],
Virtualization [2, 6, 11, 20, 29, 30, 34, 57, 61, 71, 72, 76], and Mixed
Boolean Arithmetic [57, 82].

These obfuscation schemes are ineffective against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN binaries
due to certain unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

DNN Structure Obfuscation.

DNN Structure Obfuscation alters
the neural network structures without changing their functional
semantics.

Common transformations include: (1) decomposing a single operators into multiple smaller operators that together perform
the same computation; (2) Inserting pairs of redundant operators
that can cancel out the effects of each other.

DNN Structure Obfuscation can be used for model configuration file obfuscation [81],
watermark removal [78] and defend against side-channel-based
model extraction attacks [36].

These constructions can also be used
for DNN binary obfuscation.

However, the attacker can still re-
cover a DNN model that has the same functionality, but with more
complicated structures compared to the original DNN model.

In
contrast, NeuroShield hardens DNN binaries in a way that makes
DNN binary reverse engineering attacks ineffective.

Hardware-based Model Protection.

Hardware-based methods
offer protection for DNN models through approaches such as: (1)
using hardware-secured secret keys to obfuscate model weights [22,
44, 62]; (2) executing DNN models within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) [43, 45].

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论NeuroShield中的循环重排序及其局限性，与Hardening DNN Binaries相关。
In this paper, we use loop reordering (cr) to evenly distribute
computation across the output elements of each operator, making
it more difficult for existing DNN binary decompilers (DnD and
BTD) to quickly infer the semantics of a single output.

Experiments
in Section 6.3 show that cr alone is not resilient against existing
reverse engineering attacks although it can increase the attack
time.

Evaluating the resilience of other loop transformations (e.g.,
unrolling, tiling) remains an open direction for future work.

Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse Engineering Attacks
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Obfuscation Overhead.

Although NeuroShield introduces a modest execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%), its binary size overhead
can be up to 201.8%.

Prior work has shown that protecting a small
subset of critical DNN operators can protect essential model functionality with significantly lower overhead [43].

Since the primary
source of NeuroShield’s binary size overhead is Fake Operator In-
sertion, this cost can be mitigated by applying fi only to fused
functions containing such critical operators.

Obfuscation of Complicated DNN Structures.

A comparatively
large portion of operators in complex neural network structures
(e.g., 47.18% operators in transformers) remain unprotected by NeuroShield.

These operators are related to connection structures and
can not be easily fused.

Extending Flexible Operator Fusion to support a wider range of fusion patterns is a promising direction that
we leave for future work.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块总结NeuroShield，与Hardening DNN Binaries直接相关。
In
contrast, NeuroShield hardens DNN binaries in a way that makes
DNN binary reverse engineering attacks ineffective.

Hardware-based Model Protection.

Hardware-based methods
offer protection for DNN models through approaches such as: (1)
using hardware-secured secret keys to obfuscate model weights [22,
44, 62]; (2) executing DNN models within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) [43, 45].

These approaches require specific hardware support, while NeuroShield uses binary obfuscation to protect
model structures and is more generic.
9 Summary
We present NeuroShield, an implementation of three distinct obfuscation techniques tailored for DNN binaries: (1) Flexible Operator
Fusion, (2) Fake Operator Insertion, and (3) Operator Computation
Reordering.

Experiments show that NeuroShield provides strong
protection against existing reverse engineering attacks while introducing a reasonable overhead.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [11] single_001_zh

**Query**: AgentSentinel 如何为 LLM 代理提供端到端的实时安全防御？其核心架构是什么？

**Reference**:
- AgentSentinel 是一个面向计算机使用代理的端到端实时安全防御系统，拦截敏感操作并在安全审计完成前暂停执行。
- 其核心架构包括：上下文感知代理监控、基于 eBPF 和 LSM 的系统级追踪、融合规则和 LLM 的任务上下文安全审计器，以及基于容器的代理隔离。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接描述了AgentSentinel作为端到端实时安全防御框架，拦截敏感操作并暂停执行直到审计完成，与参考事实1完全匹配。
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense
Framework for Computer-Use Agents

Large Language Models (LLMs) have been increasingly integrated
into computer-use agents, which can autonomously operate tools
on a user’s computer to accomplish complex tasks.

However, due to
the inherently unstable and unpredictable nature of LLM outputs,
they may issue unintended tool commands or incorrect inputs, leading to potentially harmful operations.

Unlike traditional security
risks stemming from insecure user prompts, tool execution results
from LLM-driven decisions introduce new and unique security
challenges.

These vulnerabilities span across all components of a
computer-use agent.

To mitigate these risks, we propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time defense framework designed to mitigate potential security threats on a user’s computer.

AgentSentinel
intercepts all sensitive operations within agent-related services and
halts execution until a comprehensive security audit is completed.

Our security auditing mechanism introduces a novel inspection
process that correlates the current task context with system traces
generated during task execution.

To thoroughly evaluate AgentSentinel, we present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across six attack categories.

The benchmark
demonstrates a 87% average attack success rate on four state-of-
the-art LLMs.

Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了使用eBPF和LSM进行系统级追踪以及基于容器的隔离，与参考事实2中的核心架构组件对应。
Implementation.

We implemented AgentSentinel in around 6700
lines of Golang code and 1900 lines of C code.

We utilized the
Extended Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF) [8] and Linux Security Modules (LSM) [38] techniques to trace and enforce sensitive operations
from the user scope.

We used lightweight container-based virtualization techniques (e.g., docker) to isolate the running environment
of LLM-based computer-use agents from the host system.

We im-
plemented AgentSentinel client as a Python package in 170 lines
of Python code; it is straightforward to implement it in other programming languages.

Experiment Settings.

We conducted all experiments on Ubuntu
20.04 with a 16-core CPU (Intel® Core™i7-10700 CPU @ 2.90GHz)
and 32G RAM.

We set the maximum process enforcement level to 4
and the maximum audit time to 110s, which is about 90% of the waiting time for a single tool use (see Section 4.3).

We chose Claude-for-
Computer-Use as the implementation of the computer-use agent; it
provides standard specifications for three tools — Bash, Computer,
and File Editor — and supports fully end-to-end computer-use op-
erations [15].

We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

--- Chunk #2 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 内容为评估结果和引用信息，未涉及AgentSentinel的防御机制或核心架构。
Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer
and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, Taipei.

ACM,
New York, NY, USA, 15 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3719027.3765064

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了AgentSentinel的客户端-服务器架构、监控服务器、系统追踪器和执行器以及审计方法，与参考事实1和2相关。
We propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time security de-
fense framework for computer-use agents.

AgentSentinel adopts
a client-server architecture, where a monitoring server provides
protection for the agent operating as a client.

The agent transmits task context changes to the monitoring server, which then
configures a system tracer and enforcer to manage sensitive op-
erations within the agent’s services.

These sensitive operations
are thoroughly checked using an efficient auditing approach.

Our
evaluation demonstrates that AgentSentinel successfully defends
against the majority (79.6%) of attacks across seven types of attacks,
outperforming baseline defense mechanisms.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 主要讨论威胁和现有防御不足，虽提及AgentSentinel但未详细说明其架构或防御机制。
To compromise the operating system, a third-party ad-
versary could exploit the agent’s interaction with external tools.

For instance, if the agent fetches data using a tool whose source is
controlled by an attacker, the attacker can inject malicious payloads
into the tool results.

These malicious results then infect the task
context maintained by the agent, potentially leading to command
injection or other harmful behaviors.

While numerous techniques have been proposed to mitigate
the risks associated with tool use, these approaches are unfortunately ineffective when applied to computer-use agents.

For example, Zhang et al. [49] propose instruction-level defenses aimed at
mitigating incorrect outputs generated by LLMs.

However, these
methods often lack robustness against the sophisticated threats
posed by malicious attackers in the context of computer-use agents.

Another line of work (e.g., [45]) explores sandboxing and isolation
strategies.

Unfortunately, computer-use agents typically possess
broad access to and control over most tools on a user’s system, violating the core assumptions underlying these techniques.

Finally,
security-enhanced agent architectures [19] are also inadequate for
computer-use agents.

Re-architecting or hardening individual components of these agents is impractical, given the diversity and rapid
proliferation of such agents in real-world deployments.

To address the aforementioned issues, we propose AgentSentinel,
an end-to-end, real-time security defense framework for computeruse agent systems.

AgentSentinel passively traces each tool invocation by dynamically collecting relevant system events.

When
a sensitive operation is detected, it is suspended, and detailed in-
formation is presented to a security auditor, who then determines
the appropriate enforcement actions.

It is worth noting that our
approach addresses all threats at the endpoint, regardless of the specific vulnerabilities exploited within the computer-use agent.

This
design minimizes interference from tool behavior on the agent’s
execution.

AgentSentinel comprises four core components.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 内容为评估结果和基线对比，不涉及AgentSentinel的架构或防御原理。
This also suggests that as the
model evolves, the effectiveness of our tool will improve correspondingly.

Moreover, we observe that Claude-based computer-use
agents exhibit greater robustness to task failures, often proposing safer alternatives when the initial attempt is unsuccessful (see
further discussion in Section 5.5).

Next, we conduct a detailed analysis of the baseline defenses
across different attack types.

Among all defense techniques, the De-
limiters Defense proves to be the least effective, exhibiting only limited capability against Direct Task Injection attacks and AgentDojo.

Notably, it fails to detect 50% of such attacks across all evaluated
models.

Instruction Prevention and Tool-Use Guard defenses are
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 4: Defenses comparison across different LLM models based computer-use agents
more effective against (direct and indirect) prompt injections, but
less effective against Agent Infrastructure attacks and Hallucination Exploitation.

Among all baselines, Tool-Use Guard achieves the
highest mean DSR with but lags significantly behind AgentSentinel
(-50%), demonstrating that system-level traces are highly valuable
for identifying security threats.

Llama Guard achieves the highest
mean DSR, as it is more effective against explicit prompt injections
and malicious instructions.

False Positive Rate.

AgentSentinel achieves an average false positive rate (FPR) of 10.8%.

Notably, AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.7
Sonnet) reports zero false positives and AgentSentinel (w/ Claude
3.5 Sonnet) reports only one false positive, consistent with the ob-
servation that Claude 3.7 Sonnet is generally stronger than Claude
3.5 Sonnet.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 明确列出了AgentSentinel的四个核心组件：上下文感知监控、系统级追踪、自适应混合威胁审计，与参考事实2完全一致。
In this section, we present AgentSentinel, a novel framework de-
signed to detect real-time security threats in computer-use agents.

Figure 3 presents an overview of AgentSentinel’s architecture,
which comprises four core components designed to address key
challenges in securing computer-use agents.
(1) Context-Aware Agent Monitoring: AgentSentinel instruments the computer-use agent to initialize communication
channel and dynamically collect task context (blue components).

Both agent basic information and task context are
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen
Algorithm 1: Instrumented Agent
1 𝐶←NewAgentSentinelClient(AgentBasicInformation);
8 𝑀′ = 𝑀;
17 𝑀= 𝑀+ 𝑟;
transmitted via an agent-to-monitor protocol to the monitoring server (red components).
(2) System-Level Tracing: AgentSentinel utilizes a multi-aspect
system tracer to capture and suspend sensitive operations
(orange components).
(3) Adaptive Hybrid Threat Auditing: AgentSentinel integrates a modular security audit approach designed to efficiently identify real-time threats associated with tool execution (green components).

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 内容为实验设置和评估指标，未涉及AgentSentinel的防御机制或架构。
We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

Percentage of tasks where the agent successfully triggers a malicious operation.
↑
DSR
Percentage of tasks where the defender successfully
refuses all malicious operations and accepts all benign
operations.

FPR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly ac-
cepts some malicious operations.
↓
FNR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly re-
fuses some benign operations.
↓
FT
Percentage of failed tasks where the expected attacks
are failed.

AFR
Percentage of successful tasks where the expected at-
tacks are failed.
endlessly, we restricted the number of dialogue rounds for an agent
to process a task to 30.

Evaluation Metrics.

We proposed comprehensive evaluation metrics (see Table 1) to quantify the effectiveness of attacks (ASR), de-
tection defense (DSR, FPR, and FNR), and model’s security policies
(AFR).

In addition, we measure the impact that a defense imposes
on the task capability of computer-use agents (FT).

We also measure the security capability of LLMs as the AFR.

A higher AFR
indicates that an LLM implements a more effective security policy.

Furthermore, for a given task, if a defense mechanism accepts some
malicious operations while rejecting some benign ones and the
first rejected operation is benign, we classify the outcome as a false
positive; otherwise, we consider it a false negative.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了安全审计模块包含规则和LLM审计器、QPS优化器和缓存机制，与参考事实2中的混合审计器对应。
Once a process is suspended, a
security audit module analyzes the corresponding operation, taking
into account the task context and associated event traces.

If the
operation is deemed safe, the process is resumed; otherwise, it is
terminated to prevent further harm.

The agent client is notified via
a security alert if a tool failure is detected.

Finally, we propose a novel task-context-aware security audit
component designed to detect potential risks within the computeruse agent.

The security auditor comprises two complementary
components: a rule-based auditor that enforces predefined security
policies, and an LLM-based auditor that leverages the reasoning
capabilities of large language models to assess complex scenarios.

To enhance the efficiency and responsiveness of the LLM-based
auditor, we propose a Query-Per-Second (QPS) optimizer that regulates audit latency and ensures minimal disruption to normal task
execution.

Furthermore, we implement a security query cache that
classifies previously verified operations into three hierarchical categories: universally safe, task-specific safe, and safe-for-next-time.

This caching mechanism effectively reduces redundant queries and
auditing overhead by pruning unnecessary event traces and reusing
prior verification results.

Our contributions are summarized as follows.
• We propose AgentSentinel1, a novel end-to-end, real-time
security defense framework for computer-use agents.

To
the best of our knowledge, this is the first, end-to-end and
real-time defense framework for computer-use agents.
• We present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across seven attack types, which
demonstrates an average attack success rate of 87% on four
state-of-the-art LLMs.
• Our evaluation results show that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming all baseline defenses.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 内容为基线防御方法对比，未直接描述AgentSentinel的架构或防御机制。
We implement the delimiter
defense in ASB [49] in our evaluation.
• Instruction Prevention rewrites task inputs to emphasize
the original goal of the task, thus introducing additional
security guidance [21, 52].

We implement the instruction
prevention in ASB [49] in our evaluation to ensure a fair
comparison.
• Tool-Use Guard reviews the task context to identify security risks in every tool use [6, 34, 46].

It rejects the tool use if
a security threat is identified.

We implement it by removing
system tracing of AgentSentinel.
• Llama Guard (4-12B) is an LLM-based safeguard model
that integrates the MLCommons safety taxonomy and an
additional category for classifying tool-use safety [29].
• Prompt Guard (2-86M) is a high-performance safety classifier designed to detect prompt injection and jailbreaking
attacks [30].

Compared with these baseline techniques, AgentSentinel only in-
serts necessary security alerts into the tool-use errors, making it
the most non-intrusive defense method (see Table 2).

Though In-
struction Prevention intrudes only on user inputs, the aggressive
modification may be seen as an attack and can mislead an agent
to reject a normal task (see further discussion in Section 5.2).

Differently from Instruction Prevention, our AgentSentinel applies a
passive defense strategy; it terminates a tool use in the tool-calling
component only after the tool use has been fully checked.

We evaluate AgentSentinel by addressing the following two
research questions:
• RQ1: How accurate is AgentSentinel for detecting security
threats?
• RQ2: How efficient is AgentSentinel in real-time defense?
• RQ3: How robust is AgentSentinel against adaptive attacks?
↑

**LLM判定汇总**: 5/10 relevant → precision=0.5000

## [12] single_002_zh

**Query**: Appatch 的自动自适应提示方法是什么？它如何改进程序修复或代码生成？

**Reference**:
- Appatch 使用自动自适应提示和漏洞语义引导的推理，在无测试输入的情况下修补软件漏洞。
- 它分为两个阶段：语义感知的范围缩小提取漏洞相关代码切片，以及动态自适应提示通过根因分析、选择相似示例和思维链提示生成候选补丁。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接提到了APPATCH使用漏洞语义推理和自适应提示，无需测试输入，与参考事实一致。
In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

They often also re-son about vulnerable code behaviors, which is essential for
                                                               quire that the code to patch be compilable, which furtherquality patch generation, we introduce vulnerability seman-
                                                                       limits their applicability (e.g., they can not be used before thetics reasoning and adaptive prompting on LLMs and instanti-
                                                                   project becomes complete).ate the methodology as APPATCH, an automated LLM-based
patching system.

Our evaluation of APPATCH on 97 zero-day       DL-based approaches overcome these limitations and have
vulnerabilities and 20 existing vulnerabilities demonstrates its     gained more momentum in recent years [14,18,52].

These
superior performance to both existing prompting methods and     techniques leverage existing vulnerability datasets to train
state-of-the-art non-LLM-based techniques (by up to 28.33%     a DL model that learns known vulnerability-fixing patterns,
in F1 and 182.26% in recall over the best baseline).

Through     hence the ability to repair a given vulnerability.

Despite their
APPATCH, we demonstrate what helps for LLM-based patch-     promises, they need sizable and quality training data with
ing and how, as well as discussing what still lacks and why.       vulnerability labels, which is not widely and diversely avail-
                                                              able [9, 39, 41].

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 明确描述APPATCH是动态自适应提示框架，用于根因分析和补丁生成，与参考事实直接相关。
We propose APPATCH, an automated vulnerability patching framework that features dynamic adaptive prompting
on LLMs to elicit their effective reasoning for vulnerability root-cause analysis hence quality patch generation.

We
have demonstrated, on four latest LLMs, that APPATCH substantially outperforms both existing prompting approaches
and state-of-the-art non-LLM-based patching techniques.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 比较了标准提示与APPATCH的效果，并提到APPATCH各组件贡献，间接说明其方法有效性，与参考事实相关。
To show the patching effectiveness of the LLMs without
any specific prompting design, we directly ask the LLMs to
patch the given vulnerabilities.

As shown in row “Standard
Prompting”, we notice that the standard prompting have much
lower effectiveness compared with APPATCH, achieving only
up to 23.01% F1 on the Zero-Day dataset and 60.42% F1 on
the ExtractFix dataset even with the state-of-the-art LLMs.

Recently, Pearce et al. [43] approaches the LLM-based vulnerability repair problem through zero-shot code completion,
which removes the vulnerable code in the program and lets
the LLMs fill the vulnerable parts so as to fix the vulnerability.

We use their best template s2 for comparison.

As shown
in the Row “zero-shot completion”, this approach has the
lowest effectiveness, with up to 12.48% F1 on our Zero-Day
dataset and 24.66% F1 on the ExtractFix dataset, indicating
that only providing prior code without further information is
insufficient for LLMs to fix the vulnerabilities.

Each component in APPATCH substantially contributes to
its effectiveness, justifying its overall design.

We further evaluate APPATCH’s effectiveness on interprocedural vulnerabilities using the 21 interprocedural samples
from the Zero-Day dataset.

Table 3 shows the correctness
results (the complete results are in Appendix Table 12).

Similarly, the numbers marked in red are the best F1 scores
achieved by the ablated prompting approaches.

Compared
Table 4: Comparison to existing techniques in terms of recall
to the overall results on the complete Zero-Day dataset,
APPATCH and its ablated versions show a modest decrease in
performance (e.g., APPATCH’s F1 score with GPT-4 decreases
from 33.30% to 31.37%).

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅介绍研究问题和使用的LLM，未描述自动自适应提示方法本身，与参考事实不直接相关。
We evaluate APPATCH via four research questions (RQs):
• RQ1: How effective is APPATCH for real-world vulnerabilities patching?
• RQ2: How does each of the key design components of
APPATCH contribute to its overall performance?
• RQ3: How effective is APPATCH compared to existing
vulnerability patching techniques?
• RQ4: How efficient is APPATCH for patch generation?

We first describe the LLMs, datasets and metrics used.

Then,
we answer the four research questions above.

LLMs.

Table 1 summarizes the four SOTA LLMs chosen
for our study to cover the latest models of a variety of sizes
and vendors.

Gemini-1.5 [45] and Claude-3.5 [5] are the
latest LLMs from Google and Anthropic, respectively.

We
chose their most popular powerful (Pro and Sonnet) for both
effectiveness and efficiency.

GPT-4 is the latest and most
powerful LLM from OpenAI and we use its most powerful version GPT-4-Turbo.

Llama3.1 [46] is an SOTA LLM
from Meta, of which we also chose to use the powerful version llama-3.1-70b for our experiments.

We chose generalpurpose LLMs instead of code-specific ones (e.g., CodeLlama) because the latter are less capable of code analysis.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到APPATCH的效率和方法论，包括自动自适应提示，与参考事实相关。
APPATCH is also reasonably efficient, taking on average 37.148-50.209 seconds to generate a
patch, and using 5,684-6,802 tokens per patch with the LLMs.

Our results suggest the practical feasibility and merits of
LLM-based vulnerability patching, via a novel methodology
(pivoted by automated adaptive prompting based on vulnerability semantics reasoning) of leveraging LLMs to generate
valid and correct patches.

Through APPATCH, we demonstrated how LLMs can be helped for this challenging task;
also, by examining failure cases, we discuss how/where and
why LLMs may still fall short even with APPATCH.

Q: Complete the following code after the comment:
<first 23 lines of code from Figure 1>
/*Fixed CWE-787 vulnerability*/
śHere is the code completionsś
for (i = 0; i < cnt; i++) {
argv[i] = cp;
if (ch)
ep = Jsi_Strchr(cp, ch);
……
```
state-of-the-art LLM-based approach zero-shot completion.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细描述APPATCH的两个阶段：语义感知范围缩小和动态自适应提示，与参考事实完全吻合。
Yet again, for an arbitrary program to patch,
how to prepare the best exemplars is unknown (Challenge
2).

Third, LLMs are known to suffer from capacity (#tokens)
and context constraints, which makes it difficult to provide
necessary code context in a prompt and analyze sizable code;
yet vulnerabilities are context-sensitive and can be interprocedural, thus patching them often requires accommodating po-
tentially larger code contexts (Challenge 3).

Moreover, LLMs
are commonly subject to hallucination and non-deterministic
responses, whereas stably generating valid and correct patches
is essential for vulnerability patching—bad patching can be
worse than not patching (Challenge 4).

In this paper, we present APPATCH, a novel, automated
Adaptive prompting methodology for LLM-based vulnerability patching.

Given a vulnerable program with a known
vulnerability location, APPATCH first narrows down the scope
of analysis to only the relevant subset of the program via a
step called semantics-aware scoping.

This allows LLMs to
analyze a smaller code snippet that includes all the essential
information necessary for reasoning about the vulnerabilityrelated code behaviors, addressing Challenge 3.

Then, it elicits the LLM to identify the vulnerability’s root cause within
the reduced scope with vulnerability semantics reasoning,
henceforth selecting exemplars that best fit the program on
the fly from a pre-mined exemplar database, an essential step
referred to as dynamic adaptive prompting, which addresses
Challenges 2.

The database is built offline by mining exemplars from known patches.

With the adaptively chosen ex-
emplars, APPATCH forms the patching prompt automatically
to generate multiple candidate patches with LLMs, addressing Challenge 1.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 包含数据集统计和实验结果，未描述方法，与参考事实不直接相关。
The LLMs did
successfully answer some of five pieces of information about
linux:73, git:2, ffmpeg:1, less:1, jasper:2, FreeRDP:3, pytorch:1, Fast-DDS:1,
CWE787:17, CWE125:23, CWE190:11,
average #patched lines:7.87
esp-idf:1, openssl:1, suricata:1, RedisBloom:1, tcpdump:1, sngrep:1
CWE401:11, CWE457:10, CWE476:25
jerryscript:2, mynewt-nimble:1, dcmtk:3, libhtp:1
Zero-Day
ExtractFix
coreutils:2, libjpeg:4, libxml2:2, jasper:1, libtiff:8, binutils-gdb:2, FFmpeg:1
Table 9: Code LLMs with APPATCH against the Zero-Day dataset
this CVE correctly, indicating that our queries are helpful to
test the data leakage. (2) note that APPATCH’s performance
evaluation is primarily based on the Zero-Day dataset, and we
have compared it with both LLM-based and non-LLM-based
baseline patching techniques on this dataset.

The reason we
use the ExtractFix dataset is mainly for being able to compare
with two additional state-of-the-art baselines (ExtractFix [20]
and VulnFix [55]).

Table 11: Data leakage test results on the ExtractFix dataset
with the format “model-does-not-know%, incorrect-answer%,
More End-to-end Experiment Results
with CodeQL against the Zero-Day dataset.

As shown,
APPATCH achieves 23.85% F1 with fully automated method
and 27.29% with realistic method.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅论文标题和作者信息，无具体内容，不相关。
Appatch: Automated Adaptive Prompting 
Large Language Models for Real-World 
Software Vulnerability Patching
Yu Nong, University at Buffalo; Haoran Yang, Washington State University; 
Long Cheng, Clemson University; Hongxin Hu and Haipeng Cai, University at Buffalo
    APPATCH: Automated Adaptive Prompting Large Language Models for
                Real-World Software Vulnerability Patching


           Yu Nong1, Haoran Yang2, Long Cheng3, Hongxin Hu1, and Haipeng Cai1∗
               1University at Buffalo, 2Washington State University, 3Clemson University
       1{yunong,hongxinh,haipengc}@buffalo.edu, 2haoran.yang2@wsu.edu, 3lcheng2@clemson.edu

proaches achieve property-based repair based on access rangeTimely and effective vulnerability patching is essential for
                                                                 analysis hence enforcing given safety properties [24] or usecybersecurity defense, for which various approaches have
                                                                       sanitizers to extract vulnerability-representing constraints forbeen proposed yet still struggle to generate valid and cor-
                                                            symbolic-execution-based repair [20].

More recently, induc-rect patches for real-world vulnerabilities.

In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述APPATCH整体设计，包括两个阶段和示例挖掘，与参考事实直接相关。
The overall design of APPATCH is depicted in Figure 4.

We target a realistic vulnerability patching scenario with APPATCH,
in which (1) the vulnerability manifestation locations (i.e.,
vulnerable statements) and (2) the vulnerability types (i.e.,
CWE IDs) of a given program to patch are available.

Prior to
the patching time, APPATCH demonstrates to LLMs correct
reasoning towards patch generation with (3) existing vulnerable samples for which the ground-truth patches are known in
addition.

These three constitute the inputs to APPATCH.

With these inputs, APPATCH operates in two phases.

In
Phase 1: Exemplar Mining, through semantics-aware scoping (1.1), it union-slices [8] each given vulnerable sample to
capture its vulnerability semantics (essential behavior of the
vulnerability, as formally defined in §3.2).

Then, APPATCH
proceeds with exemplar generation (1.2), producing a pool of
exemplars each including the root cause analysis, fixing strategy, and ground-truth patch.

The root cause and fixing strategy
are also generated by the LLMs automatically, according to
the vulnerability semantics along with the ground-truth patch.

Phase 1: Exemplar Mining

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论代码切片和漏洞语义引导推理，属于方法细节，与参考事实相关。
Then, the
code slice provided to LLMs Vexem only contains the paths
between any of such identified EI subset and any of the vulnerable statements.

This helps LLMs concentrate on the most
essential parts of the program for vulnerability patching.

In this template (as well as the one for dynamic adaptive
prompting’s root cause generation), we leverage vulnerabilitysemantics-guided reasoning, which is described as "Starting
with the external inputs, reason about the vulnerable behavior
step by step until the vulnerability is determined".

Although
this is simple, it significantly helps LLMs analyze the vulnerability root cause comprehensively and effectively.

Figures 5
and 9 show the comparison between the root cause analysis
with and without vulnerability-semantics-guided reasoning.

Without such reasoning, the output misses many details for
the vulnerability causes, which make the analysis inaccurate.

The key insight underlying our automated exemplar generation is that, with the ground-truth patches provided, LLMs
are capable of generating the correct reasoning steps which
are helpful to guide themselves to generate patches given new
samples to patch.

To corroborate this hypothesis, we conduct
a preliminary experiment on the real-world samples from our
collected dataset (see §5.1).

Based on our manual inspection
on the generated exemplars by GPT-4, 92.98% of the reasoning are correct, indicating that using LLMs to automatically
generate exemplars is effective.

These exemplars compose
the quality exemplar pool for the dynamic adaptive prompting
step (Step 2.2) to select exemplars from.

**LLM判定汇总**: 7/10 relevant → precision=0.7000

## [13] single_003_zh

**Query**: CodeLLM-Devkit 如何为代码 LLM 提供上下文？它为改进代码智能任务提供了哪些框架组件？

**Reference**:
- CodeLLM-Devkit (CLDK) 是一个开源 Python 库，简化跨多编程语言的程序分析，为代码 LLM 提供丰富的上下文。
- 它提供统一的接口抽象静态分析工具的复杂性，具有模块化组件：程序分析、语言模式定义、提示和检索增强。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块直接描述了CLDK作为开源库，简化程序分析并为代码LLM提供丰富的上下文，与参考事实一致。
To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

With this library, developers can effortlessly integrate detailed,
code-specific insights that enhance the operational efficiency and
effectiveness of LLMs in coding tasks.

CLDK is available as an
open-source library at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块介绍了CLDK的模块化结构，包括程序分析、语言模式定义、提示和检索组件，与参考事实中的框架组件对应。
In this section, we discuss the design principles underpinning CLDK (codellm-devkit).

CLDK adopts a modular
structure, where each module has a clearly defined functional
responsibility such as analysis of programs, a schematic definition for each language, mechanisms to incorporate prompting
and retrieval.

The primary design objective of CLDK is to ensure: 1) Clean
separation of concerns; 2) The ability to independently update
and/or add extensions to each module; and 3) Enhanced ability
Compiler fuzzing
Program merge conflicts repair
been an integral part.

Fig. 7: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
based on manual investigation of academic works.
to test each module independently.

Fig. 8 provides an overview
of how CLDK operates and will be explained in the remainder
of this section.

A.

Architectural Overview
In this section, we provide a detailed description of the core
components of CLDK outlining their expected behavior and
illustrating how they function together.
1) CLDK core: This module serves as an entrypoint to
codellm-devkit.

It provides the interface for interacting
with the underlying functionalities.

This module offers all the
encapsulation necessary to configure CLDK, customize various
options based on the programming languages, and to run
analyses.

A typical usage of CLDK involves instantiation with
a target programming language.

Next, we create an analysis
object configured with language specific options to then invoke
specific functions for analysis or processing as needed.

An
example usage for a Java project is shown in Listing 1
1 cldk = CLDK(language="java")
2 j_analysis: JavaAnalysis = cldk.analysis(
# Other optional analysis options.

Listing 1: A sample instantiation of CLDK for Java.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块是论文摘要，提到CLDK旨在为代码LLM提供代码特定的上下文信息，与参考事实相关。
Codellm-Devkit: A Framework for Contextualizing
Code LLMs with Program Analysis Insights
Rahul Krishna∗†1, Rangeet Pan∗†2, Raju Pavuluri3†, Srikanth Tamilselvam4‡, Maja Vukovic5†, and Saurabh Sinha6†
†IBM Research, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA.
‡IBM Research, Bangalore, KA 560045, India.

Abstract—Large Language Models for Code (or code LLMs)
are increasingly gaining popularity and capabilities, offering a
wide array of functionalities such as code completion, code generation, code summarization, test generation, code translation, and
more.

To leverage code LLMs to their full potential, developers
must provide code-specific contextual information to the models.

These are typically derived and distilled using program analysis
tools.

However, there exists a significant gap—these static analysis
tools are often language-specific and come with a steep learning
curve, making their effective use challenging.

These tools are
tailored to specific program languages, requiring developers to
learn and manage multiple tools to cover various aspects of the
their code base.

Moreover, the complexity of configuring and
integrating these tools into the existing development environments
add an additional layer of difficulty.

This challenge limits the
potential benefits that could be gained from more widespread
and effective use of static analysis in conjunction with LLMs.

To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块详细说明了CLDK如何通过统一接口抽象复杂性，支持多语言并提取程序分析上下文，与参考事实相符。
Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

By supporting multiple programming languages
and offering easy integration capabilities, CLDK enables de-
velopers to effortlessly extract rich program analysis context
and supply it to code LLMs.

By lowering the barrier to
performing comprehensive program analysis, CLDK aims to
empower developers to harness the full potential of code LLMs
without the overhead of mastering multiple tools or dealing
with complex integrations.

We conjecture that CLDK will contribute significantly to the software engineering community by
facilitating more efficient and effective development practices.

Our contributions in this paper are as follows:
◦Development of CLDK.

We introduce CLDK, detailing its
architecture, features, and how it addresses the identified
challenges by providing a unified and simplified approach to
program analysis.
◦Integration with LLMs.

We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块展示了CLDK的集成方式和使用示例，涉及查询和组件，与参考事实中的框架组件相关。
We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

Java )
# The user only needs to change the
# language, the APIs defined below will
# remain the same.
# For languages (like go) which don't
# have classes, it's corresponding
# equivalent (struct) will be returned.
classes = analysis.get_classes()
.query("(((impl_item) @impl))")
user only changes the language parameter
and challenges that they face while using various program
analysis and prompting tools.

We also studied how CLDK can
help ease their code LLM journey.
◦Evaluation and case studies.

We evaluate the effectiveness
of CLDK through real-world case studies and experiments that
showcase its impact on improving the performance of code
LLMs in real-world scenarios and improving research and
developer productivity.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要讨论现有程序分析工具的挑战，未直接描述CLDK如何提供上下文或组件。
Applying program analysis tools in the context of LLMs,
however, presents several challenges: (1) most existing static
analysis tools are highly specialized for individual programming languages, each with their own expressive capabilities
and idiosyncrasies, and further (2) existing tools like WALA
(for Java), LLVM (for Rust, and other C-family of languages),
and CodeQL each adopt distinct internal representations, ab-
straction levels, and querying mechanisms making it hard
to generalize across language families.

As a result, enabling
program analysis across multiple languages within a project
introduces a number of unique challenges that arise not merely
query = f"""import java
with open(f"codeql.ql", "w") as f:
result = subprocess.run (f'codeql query
for cls in str(result.stdout. strip() )
.split('\\n')[2:]]
for similar abstractions in several languages
subprocess calls, and string split/strip to ob-
tain an output.
due to the diversity of languages, but also because of the differences in how these analysis tools model the code structure,
the inherent semantic relationships, and their behavior.

For developers, this means grappling with different APIs,
data formats, and tooling conventions.

The complexity arises
from having to understand the specific design choices un-
derpinning each tool—ranging from abstract syntax trees
to intermediate representations and proprietary query languages—rather than simply managing tools for multiple languages.

Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块是开发者调查结果，涉及目标语言和工具使用，未提及CLDK的具体功能。
Nearly all
participants noted that they use Python to develop LLM-based
solutions, while one participant mentioned using TypeScript,
primarily due to having to build plugins for VS Code.
• The target language for LLM development (B4).

Most
code LLM use cases, according to our participants, were
focused on Java followed closely by Python, Go, and
Javascript/Typescript.

Some participants also used LLMs for
legacy languages such as COBOL and PL1.

The overall
distribution is shown in Fig. 5.

Fig. 5: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
at IBM.
• Use of program analysis (B5).

All but two participants (R1
and E2) agreed that that they use program analysis in their
code LLM pipeline.

Of the two exceptions, R1 answered that
their use case is surrounding taking LLM output off-the-shelf
whereas E1 works on building an evaluation pipeline for code
LLM (which does not warrant additional program analysis).
• Program analysis tool use (B6).

Of the participants that
answered affirmatively to the above, more than 60% of them
TABLE II: Developer survey questions.

A1.

What is your job title?

Open-ended
Role and Experience
A2.

How many years of software engineering experience do you have?

Numeric
B1.

How would you rate your experience with Code LLMs ?

MCQ
B2.

What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块是调查问题列表，不包含CLDK的相关信息。
What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

On average, how much time do you spend on prototyping and building your Code
LLM use cases?

B8.

What fraction of the time do you typically spend obtaining program analysis insights
for your projects?

C1.

What are the pros/cons of the tool(s) used?

Please explain.

Open-ended
C2.

What features or capabilities do you find missing in current program analysis tools?

Open-ended
C3.

How effective are your current tools when working with new programming languages
C4.

How would you rate the learning curve of your program analysis tools when applied
to new languages or applications?

C5.

Do you feel there is a need for better or easier-to-use program analysis tool for LLM
applications?

Please explain.

D1.

Do you use any prompting tool?

If yes, which tools and what are the ideal features
you would look for.

Prompting and RAG
D2.

Do you use any tool for RAG?

If yes, use any tool and what are the ideal features
you would look for.
have used various open-source tools like Tree-sitter, WALA,
JavaParser [16], Soot [17], LSP, etc,.

The remaining participants used/constructed in-house tools.
• Time to prototyping vs time to productionizing (B7).

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论提示和RAG工具的需求，未涉及CLDK的上下文提供或组件。
There was a clear demand for more
flexible, well-documented tools that can handle multiple languages and provide seamless analysis with minimal effort.
3) Support for prompting and other LLM features: In these
questions, we attempt to understand the use of various tools
for prompting, RAG, and agentic workflow.
• Use of prompting tools (D1).

While some of participants
indicated that they use prompting tools such as LangChain,
BedRock, and PDL for tasks like code generation.

Most
indicated they use in-house tools, which work on a trial-anderror basis or in a free-form manner.

Participants expressed a
need for prompting tools with improved flexibility, easier integration, and support for various models.

A few preferred tools
that aid in building prompts empirically based on experience.
• Use of RAG tools (D2).

Participants were split between
using in-house solutions and established tools like Elastic-
Search and MPNet for retrieval-augmented generation (RAG).

Some participants highlighted the need for faster search and
support for diverse embedding models.

While others indicated
that they value tools that simplify encoding, search, and
retrieval processes.

Flexibility in supporting various models
and embeddings, as well as better performance for search and
retrieval, were seen as key features.

Lesson: Participants highlighted the need for more flexible
and efficient prompting and RAG tools to improve their
workflow.

Many rely on in-house or hit-and-trial methods,
with a strong desire for tools that support multiple models,
provide faster search, and simplify encoding and retrieval
processes.

Better integration and reduced learning curves for
these tools would significantly enhance productivity.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论模型设计问题，与CLDK无关。
Specifically, if not fine-tuned appropriately for downstream tasks, these models
Inappropriate Model Design: Inappropriate model design in LM4Code arises when the underlying architecture
fails to capture critical characteristics of code, such as hierarchy and composition.

The inability to construct robust
semantic representations of code’s intricate structural and logical attributes hinders model efficacy on downstream
code intelligence tasks.

Such design shortcomings can manifest in several ways.

For instance, in vulnerability
detection, models may exhibit a significant overlap in the feature space between classes, hindering precise
vulnerability identification [15].

Code search models might lean on coarse-grained representations, capturing
merely lexical or structural elements, often overlooking the true functionality of the code [163].

Similarly, the
encoder-decoder framework used in code summarization might neglect the hierarchical nature of code or struggle
with sequence generation, leading to inadequate summaries [161, 170].

This issue is not limited to traditional
architectures.

Even modern program repair models, adapted from neural machine translation, face design-related
challenges that affect their translation accuracy and diversity [27, 103].

While there are innovative attempts such
as leveraging deep reinforcement learning or shared encoder-decoder architectures [85], these approaches still
exhibit shortcomings in addressing the diverse needs of various LM4Code applications.

To summarize, Figure 6 and 7 display the distribution of papers that discuss LM4Code pitfalls in the system
design and learning stage.

Figure 6 indicates that while inappropriate model design was first identified in 2018,
research efforts on addressing key pitfalls have increased over the past three years.

Among these, data snooping
has garnered increasing research attention.

Meanwhile, spurious correlations have become more prominent
with the advent of explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) techniques for elucidating model reasoning [22,
151, 153].

Discussions around inappropriate model design remain ongoing as new frameworks and learning
strategies continue to emerge.

**LLM判定汇总**: 5/10 relevant → precision=0.5000

## [14] single_004_zh

**Query**: BTD 如何从编译后的 x86 可执行文件中恢复 DNN 模型规格？它使用了哪些技术，关键评估结果是什么？

**Reference**:
- BTD 是一个反编译器，可以从 x86 可执行文件中恢复完整的 DNN 模型规格，包括算子类型、维度、参数和网络拓扑。
- BTD 使用基于执行轨迹的分析方法，结合对污点 x86 指令的符号执行，以及基于 BPE 和 LSTM 的神经辅助操作码分类。
- BTD 在 TVM 和 Glow 编译的 65 个 DNN 可执行文件上成功恢复了 59 个的正确模型规格。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论BTD的扩展性、反汇编和编译来源，未直接涉及恢复模型规格的具体技术或评估结果。
We further discuss
the extensibility of BTD in Sec. 7.3.

Disassembling and Function Recovery.

BTD targets 64-bit
x86 executables.

Cross-platform support is discussed in Sec. 8.

ReLU; Sigmod; … Add; Sub; Negative; Sqrt; …
BiasAdd; Multiply; Divide; BN;
(b) Four types of operators.

BTD supports stripped executables without symbol or debug
information.

We assume that DNN executables can be ﬁrst
ﬂawlessly disassembled with assembly functions recovered.

According to our observation, obstacles that can undermine
disassembly and function recovery in x86 executables, e.g., in-
struction overlapping and embedded data [32], are not found
in even highly-optimized DNN executables.

We use a commercial decompiler, IDA-Pro [41] (ver. 7.5), to maximize
conﬁdence in the credibility of our results.

Compilation Provenance.

Given a DNN executable e, compilation provenance include: 1) which DL compiler is used,
and 2) whether e is compiled with full optimization -O3 or no
optimization -O0.

Since some DNN operators (e.g., type IV in
Fig. 3(b)) in e are highly optimized when compiled, the compilation provenance can be inferred automatically by analyzing
patterns over sequences of x86 instructions derived from e.

We extend our learning-based method from Sec. 4.1 to predict
compilation provenance from assembly code.

Our evaluation
of over all CV models in ONNX Zoo ﬁnds no errors.

Overall,
we assume that compilation provenance is known to BTD.

Therefore, some patterns can be designed separately for Glowand TVM-emitted executables; see details in Appendix C.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段直接描述了使用BPE分割操作码和基于LSTM的神经标识模型，与参考事实中“基于BPE和LSTM的神经辅助操作码分类”相符。
While a DNN operator could be compiled into
various x86 opcode sequences, induced atomic OP sequences
can better reﬂect “semantics” in a noisy-resilient way.

Dividing Opcodes into Atomic OPs.

As a common ap-
proach, we segment opcodes using Byte Pair Encoding
(BPE) [35].

BPE iteratively replaces the most frequent consecutive bytes in a sequence with a single, unused byte.

We
split each opcode into a sequence of characters and counted
consecutive characters to ﬁnd the most frequent ones.

BPE
iterates until the opcodes of all atomic OPs have been merged.

For instance, opcodes vmulps and mulps are ﬁrst split into
“v m u l p s” and “m u l p s”, and an atomic OP mulps is
eventually extracted.

Learning over Atomic OPs.

We train a neural identiﬁer
model with a sequence of atomic OPs from an assembly function as inputs.

This model outputs a 1D vector with N dimensions (N is the total number of unique DNN operators), where
multiple “1” in the vector implies that this assembly function
represents several fused DNN operators.

All “0” in the vector
implies this function may be a DL compiler-inserted utility
function (e.g., for memory management).

The order of fused
operators is represented in symbolic constraints extracted in
Sec. 4.3.

Thus, predicted operator labels and network topology will be reﬁned after symbolic execution.

Our model’s
frontend learns a neural embedding for each atomic OP and
then embeds a function’s entire atomic OP sequence.

The
order of atomic OPs is found to be vital in prediction.

Therefore, we preserve the order of collected atomic OPs within
the assembly function.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提供了BTD在65个DNN可执行文件上的评估结果（恢复59个正确模型规格），与参考事实第三条直接对应。
Decompiling ex-
ecutables on other architectures requires vendor support for
reverse engineering toolchains ﬁrst.

We also ﬁnd that DNN
“executables” on some other architectures are not in standalone executable formats.

See the last paragraph of Sec. 2
for the signiﬁcance of decompiling x86 DNN executables,
and see Sec. 8 for discussions on cross-platform support.

BTD was evaluated by decompiling 64-bit x86 executables
emitted by eight versions of three production DL compilers, TVM [22], Glow [85], NNFusion [64], which are de-
veloped by Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft, respectively.

These compilers enable full optimizations during our evaluation.

BTD is scalable to recover DNN models from 65
DNN executables, including nearly 3 million instructions, in
60 hours with negligible errors.

BTD, in particular, can re-
cover over 100 million parameters from VGG, a large DNN
model, with an error rate of less than 0.1% (for TVM-emitted
executable) or none (for Glow-emitted executable).

Moreover, to demonstrate BTD’s correctness, we rebuild decompiled model speciﬁcations with PyTorch.

The results show
that almost all decompiled DNN models can be recompiled
into new executables that behave identically to the reference
executables.

We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍了BTD的三步方法，包括基于执行轨迹的分析、符号执行和污点分析，与参考事实第二条相符。
Given a (stripped) executable compiled from a DNN model,
(a) DNN compilation pipeline.
we propose a three-step approach for full recovery of DNN op-
erators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters.

BTD
conducts representation learning over disassembler-emitted
assembly code to classify assembly functions as DNN operators, such as convolution layers (Conv).

Dynamic analysis
is then used to chain DNN operators together, thus recovering their topological connectivity.

To further recover dimensions and parameters of certain DNN operators (e.g., Conv),
we launch trace-based symbolic execution to generate symbolic constraints, primarily over ﬂoating-point-related computations.

The human-readable symbolic constraints denote
semantics of corresponding DNN operators that are invariant
across different compilation settings.

Experienced DL experts
can infer higher-level information about operators (e.g., di-
mensions, the memory layout of parameters) by reading the
constraints.

Nevertheless, to deliver an automated pipeline,
we then deﬁne patterns over symbolic constraints to automatically recover dimensions and memory layouts of parameters.

We incorporate taint analysis to largely reduce the cost of
symbolic execution which is more heavyweight.

BTD is comprehensive as it handles all DNN operators
used in forming computer vision (CV) models in ONNX
Zoo [77].

BTD processes x86 executables, though its core
technique is mostly platform-independent.

Decompiling ex-
ecutables on other architectures requires vendor support for
reverse engineering toolchains ﬁrst.

We also ﬁnd that DNN
“executables” on some other architectures are not in standalone executable formats.

See the last paragraph of Sec. 2
for the signiﬁcance of decompiling x86 DNN executables,
and see Sec. 8 for discussions on cross-platform support.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论DL编译器优化和模型提取攻击的背景，未直接提供BTD的技术细节或评估结果。
In particular, Amazon and Facebook are seen to spend considerable
effort to compile DL models on Intel x86 CPUs through the
usage of DL compilers [49,61,69].

Compilation of high-level models into binary code typically
involves multiple optimization cycles [22,64,85].

DL compilers can optimize code utilizing domain-speciﬁc hardware
features and abstractions.

Hence, generated executables manifest distinct representations of the high-level models from
which they were derived.

However, we observe that different
low-level representations of the same DNN operator in executables generally retain invariant high-level semantics, as
DNN operators like ReLU and Sigmoid, are mathematically
deﬁned in a rigorous manner.

This reveals the opportunity of
reliably recovering high-level models by extracting semantics
from each DNN operator’s low-level representation.

Extracting DNN models from executables can boost many
security applications, including adversarial example generation, training data inference, legacy DNN model reuse, migration, and patching.

In contrast, existing model-extraction at-
tacks, whether based on side channels [30,45,46,104,105,116]
or local retraining [76,78,79,94], assume speciﬁc attack en-
vironments or can leak only parts of DNN models with low
accuracy or high overhead.

We propose BTD, a decompiler for DNN executables.

Given a (stripped) executable compiled from a DNN model,
(a) DNN compilation pipeline.
we propose a three-step approach for full recovery of DNN op-
erators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters.

BTD
conducts representation learning over disassembler-emitted
assembly code to classify assembly functions as DNN operators, such as convolution layers (Conv).

Dynamic analysis
is then used to chain DNN operators together, thus recovering their topological connectivity.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段概述了BTD的功能（恢复完整模型规格）和使用的技术（学习、动态分析、符号执行），并提及评估结果，与参考事实第一、二条相关。
Decompiling x86 Deep Neural Network Executables
Zhibo Liu, Yuanyuan Yuan, Shuai Wang∗
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
{zliudc,yyuanaq,shuaiw}@cse.ust.hk

Due to their widespread use on heterogeneous hardware
devices, deep learning (DL) models are compiled into executables by DL compilers to fully leverage low-level hardware
primitives.

This approach allows DL computations to be un-
dertaken at low cost across a variety of computing platforms,
including CPUs, GPUs, and various hardware accelerators.

We present BTD (Bin to DNN), a decompiler for deep neural network (DNN) executables.

BTD takes DNN executables
and outputs full model speciﬁcations, including types of DNN
operators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters that
are (nearly) identical to those of the input models.

BTD de-
livers a practical framework to process DNN executables
compiled by different DL compilers and with full optimizations enabled on x86 platforms.

It employs learning-based
techniques to infer DNN operators, dynamic analysis to reveal
network architectures, and symbolic execution to facilitate
inferring dimensions and parameters of DNN operators.

Our evaluation reveals that BTD enables accurate recovery of full speciﬁcations of complex DNNs with millions of
parameters (e.g., ResNet).

The recovered DNN speciﬁcations
can be re-compiled into a new DNN executable exhibiting
identical behavior to the input executable.

We show that BTD
can boost two representative attacks, adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing, against DNN executables.

We also demonstrate cross-architecture legacy code reuse us-
ing BTD, and envision BTD being used for other critical
downstream tasks like DNN security hardening and patching.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结BTD的贡献和应用，但未提供具体技术或评估数据，与参考事实的直接关联较弱。
We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

In summary, we
contribute the following:
• This paper, for the ﬁrst time1, advocates for reverse engineering DNN executables.

BTD accepts as input (stripped)
executables generated by production DL compilers and outputs complete model speciﬁcations.

BTD can be used to aid
in the comprehension, migration, hardening, and exploitation of DNN executables.
• BTD features a three-step approach to recovering highlevel DNN models.

It incorporates various design principles
and techniques to deliver an effective pipeline.
• We evaluate BTD against executables compiled from largescale DNN models using production DL compilers.

BTD
achieves high accuracy in recovering (nearly) full speciﬁca-
tions of complex DNN models.

We also demonstrate how
common attacks are boosted by BTD.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段简洁总结了BTD恢复完整模型规格的能力和评估成功，与参考事实第一条和第三条相关。
We presented BTD, a decompiler for x86 DNN executables.

BTD recovers full DNN models from executables, including
operator types, network topology, dimensions, and parameters.

Our evaluation reports promising results by successfully
decompiling and further recompiling executables compiled
from popular DNN models using different DL compilers.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段比较了不同方法，虽提及BTD使用神经标识模型和动态分析，但主要是对比，未直接回答查询问题。
This section compares the methodology and design logic
between state-of-the-art reversing-based model attacks (as
shown in Table I) to determine their similarities and differences.

Specifically, NNReverse [34] is a learning-based
method that can fully recover the architecture from DNN
programs compiled from TVM across platforms.

DnD [32]
implemented a cross-architecture DNN decompiler based on
symbolic execution, which can fully recover the architecture
and parameters of DNN programs compiled from TVM and
Glow.

Instead, BTD [33] focuses on the decompiling DNN
Programs on x86 platforms.

BTD can reconstruct models
from DNN programs compiled from three DL compilers using
the neural identifier model and dynamic analysis.

LibSteal
[35] partially recovers the DNN architecture using only a
shared library.

Although the target and methodology vary
from frameworks, the logic and workflow align the same.

The following characteristics must be recovered to rebuild
the original DNN model: operator types, topology, and data
(parameters and hyperparameters).

We detail the review of
each part below and summarize our findings at the end.

Operator type Recovery.

The critical component of each at-
tack framework is to recover operator types of DNN programs.

The idea of operator-type recovery is also the most straightforward due to the unique computation pattern of each DNN
operator.

We take the softmax function as an example.

As
shown in Fig.2, VGG16 and ResNet50 are loaded from Keras
Application Zoo and compiled by TVM with the configuration
-O0.

Fig.2a is the CFG and opcode sequence of the VGG16
softmax function, and Fig.2b is the CFG and opcode sequence
of the ResNet50 softmax function.

Both the CFGs and opcode
sequences are obtained from Binary Ninja [71].

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段比较BTD与侧信道攻击，强调BTD的恢复范围，但未提供具体技术或评估结果，相关性不足。
In contrast,
BTD only requires a valid input.

For instance, a meaningless
image is sufﬁcient to decompile executables of CV models.

Also, according to the notation in Deﬁnition, local retraining
assumes 1 + 2 as prior knowledge, whereas BTD fully
recovers 1 + 2 + 3 from DNN executables.

Model Extraction via Side Channels.

Architectural-level
hints (e.g., side channels) leaked during model inference can
be used for model extraction [30,45,46,104,105,116].

These
works primarily recover high-level model architecture, which
are 1 or 1 + 2 according to our notation in Deﬁnition.

In
contrast, BTD statically recovers 1 and then dynamically
recovers 2 + 3 from DNN executables (but coverage is
not an issue; see Sec. 4.2 for clariﬁcation).

Sec. 9 further
compares BTD with prior model extraction works.

Figure 2: Compare CFGs of a Conv operator in VGG16 compiled by different DL compilers.

TVM refers to enabling no
optimization as “-O0” while enabling full optimizations as “-O3”.

Glow and NNFusion by default apply full optimizations.

Comparison with C/C++ Decompilation.

BTD is different
from C/C++ decompilers.

C/C++ decompilation takes executable and recovers C/C++ code that is visually similar to
the original source code.

Contrarily, we explore decompiling
DNN executables to recover original DNN models.

The main
differences and common challenges are summarized below.

Statements vs.

Higher-Level Semantics: Software decompilation, holistically speaking, line-by-line translates machine
instructions into C/C++ statements.

**LLM判定汇总**: 5/10 relevant → precision=0.5000

## [15] single_005_zh

**Query**: 根据 Pitfalls 综述，使用 LLM 进行代码智能时的主要陷阱类别和分类体系是什么？

**Reference**:
- Pitfalls 综述将 LLM 代码智能中的常见失败模式按 LM4Code 生命周期分为四个关键方面。
- 四个类别为：数据收集与标注、系统设计与学习、性能评估、部署与维护。
- 具体陷阱包括数据窥探、虚假关联、不适当的模型设计、不适当的评估数据集和过拟合。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了Pitfalls综述及其分类法，直接相关于分类体系的存在。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and
Survey
XINYU SHE∗, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YUE LIU∗, Monash University, Australia
YANJIE ZHAO, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YILING HE, Zhejiang University, China
LI LI, Beihang University, China
CHAKKRIT TANTITHAMTHAVORN, Monash University, Australia
ZHAN QIN, Zhejiang University, China
HAOYU WANG†, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China

Modern language models (LMs) have been successfully employed in source code generation and understanding, leading to
a significant increase in research focused on learning-based code intelligence, such as automated bug repair, and test case
generation.

Despite their great potential, language models for code intelligence (LM4Code) are susceptible to potential
pitfalls, which hinder realistic performance and further impact their reliability and applicability in real-world
deployment.

Such challenges drive the need for a comprehensive understanding - not just identifying these issues but delving
into their possible implications and existing solutions to build more reliable language models tailored to code intelligence.

Based on a well-defined systematic research approach, we conducted an extensive literature review to uncover the pitfalls
inherent in LM4Code.

Finally, 121 primary studies from top-tier venues have been identified.

After carefully examining these
studies, we designed a taxonomy of pitfalls in LM4Code research and conducted a systematic study to summarize the issues,
current solutions, implications, and challenges of different pitfalls for LM4Code systems.

We developed a comprehensive
classification scheme that dissects pitfalls across four crucial aspects: data collection and labeling, system design and learning,
performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 明确列出了四个关键方面（数据收集与标注、系统设计与学习、性能评估、部署与维护），与参考事实中的类别一致。
Data Collection and labeling (22)
Ø Inappropriate Model Design
Figure 3.

The overview of pitfalls of LMs for code intelligence
specific, we segment the pitfalls into four key aspects of the LM pipeline based on the LM4Code lifecycle: data
collection and labeling (Section 3), system design and learning (Section 4), performance evaluation (Section 5),
and deployment and maintenance (Section 6).

This framework is depicted in Figure 3.

For each aspect, we first
summarize the types of prevalent pitfalls discussed in the collected studies (RQ1) and explore potential solutions
and best practices recommended in the literature (RQ2).

The implications of these pitfalls (RQ3) are discussed in
Section 7, and in Section 8, we further discuss open challenges and promising research directions.

This organized
structure enables a comprehensive analysis of pitfalls and considerations across the entire LM4Code pipeline.

Our taxonomy aims to provide crucial insights for developing more robust, reliable, and practical LM systems for
code intelligence tasks.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了系统设计与学习中的具体陷阱（数据窥探、虚假关联、不适当的模型设计），与参考事实中的具体陷阱对应。
Regularization, such as dropout or L2 regularization, helps in
preventing overfitting, while fine-tuning allows pre-trained models, like CodeBERT, to adapt to specific dataset
nuances, as demonstrated by Fang et al. [33].

By integrating these strategies, models can be better positioned to
achieve superior outcomes.

Summary - System Design and Learning
In this study, we uncover 43 research studies related to pitfalls in system design and learning.

These pitfalls
can be categorized into three main categories: data snooping, spurious correlations, and inappropriate model
design, leading to overestimated performance and compromised efficacy of LM4Code Systems.

Proposed
solutions encompass refined data handling, model explainability, and optimization strategies like architecture
adjustments, ensembling, and regularization.

For SE tasks specifically, selecting an appropriate model is crucial,
necessitating consideration of domain knowledge specific to particular code types, the complexity of the
coding task, and model input limitation.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
across time (Section 5)

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 再次明确列出了四个类别，与参考事实一致。
In this research study, we conducted a comprehensive and rigorous systematic literature review to examine
the pitfalls present in LM4Code.

We utilized a well-defined systematic literature review approach and finally
obtained 121 relevant research studies from top-tier venues.

We first provided a taxonomy and we classified
the existing pitfalls in LM4Code based on the various stages of the LM4Code lifecycle, including data collection
and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.

For each
stage, we provided a thorough review of the relevant studies based on the pitfall types, implications, and existing
solutions.

Finally, we described the current challenges and discussed the open opportunities that demand more
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
study in this area.

We hope that our work will motivate other researchers, making language models enhanced
for code intelligence more reliable and trustworthy, thereby ensuring their effective deployment into real-world
applications.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
We sincerely thank Zhou Yang and Zhensu Sun, PhD students at Singapore Management University, for their
invaluable insights, feedback, and assistance in clearly defining the taxonomy of pitfalls in language models for
code.

Their contributions greatly helped shape and improve this work.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了数据收集与标注阶段的陷阱，涉及该类别。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
Figure 6.

Paper distribution about System Design and Learning
across time (Section 4)
Benchmark Augmentation with LLMs: Despite the many challenges associated with LLMs, they remain
highly effective production tools, and we should not dismiss their potential.

Leveraging current large models, we
can generate more comprehensive, task-adaptive datasets.

For instance, Xia et al.[176] introduced EVOEVAL, a
program synthesis benchmark suite that uses the power of GPT-4 to evolve existing benchmarks into different
target domains, aiming to provide a more thorough evaluation of LLM coding abilities.

They found that, compared
to the high performance on standard benchmarks like HUMANEVAL [19], popular LLMs experienced a significant
performance drop (an average of 39.4%) on EVOEVAL, highlighting the limitations of standard benchmarks and
the effectiveness of their approach.

Additionally, EvalPlus [90] combines emerging LLM-based methods with
traditional mutation-based approaches for test case generation.

It continuously expands inputs using LLM and
applies a greedy set-covering approach for constraint handling, fully harnessing the capabilities of large models.

Summary - Data Collection and Labeling
Based on 22 relevant studies, our literature review reveals three prevalent pitfalls (i.e., unbalanced distribution,
data noise, and labeling errors) in the data collection and labeling process.

These pitfalls propagate, causing
overestimated performance and compromised model efficacy.

Though initial solutions like data cleaning/de-
noising and real-world benchmarks have been proposed, and recent efforts exploring large models for dataset
generation show promise, the field is far from reaching a comprehensive resolution.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 继续讨论数据收集与标注阶段的陷阱，涉及该类别。
The data-hungry language models require large-scale and high-quality training datasets.

According to a survey
by Hou et al. [54], the majority of LMs for code intelligence are trained using data from open-source platforms,
with GitHub and StackOverflow being the most popular options.

However, the data in these platforms are
user-contributed, varying significantly in the level of quality and reliability.

It leads to non-negligible noises,
bias, and errors in the training dataset and further affects the behavior of the models, which brings significant
pitfalls in LMs for code intelligence.

In this section, we provide a brief description of related studies and discuss
the implications and potential solutions during the data collection and labeling stages.
3.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
From the collected papers, we identified 22 research studies focusing on pitfalls during the data collection and
labeling process.

Table 2 presents the statistics of literature on this topic, where the pitfalls can be grouped into
three main categories.

Unbalanced Distribution: Unbalanced distribution arises when there is a lack of proper randomization in
the selection of samples, leading to certain populations being underrepresented or overrepresented [135].

In
code-related scenarios, it usually refers to the gap between the sample distribution of real-world practices and
training datasets.

For example, as emphasized by [15, 144, 182], vulnerable instances in vulnerability detection
studies are overwhelming while neutral code instances in real-world environments considerably outnumber their
vulnerable counterparts.

This imbalance extends to other code-based tasks.

In software defect prediction, where
defective modules are scarce compared with non-defective cases in real-world environments [81, 189].

Similarly,
bug report classification suffers from underrepresentation of the minority bug class [81].

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了基于LM4Code生命周期的分类法，涉及分类体系。
2.1 Research Questions and Motivations
In recent research, language models trained for code intelligence have shown promising performance [54, 165, 191].

However, an increasing number of literature [108, 143, 148] has highlighted the existence of pitfalls in LM4Code
that can skew their realistic performance, leading to either substantial overestimation or underestimation of
their effectiveness.

The aim of conducting this systematic review is to gain an in-depth understanding of the
pitfalls present in language models tailored for code intelligence.

Unlike surveys focusing on general LLMs
or LM4Code [54, 166, 181, 187] that primarily catalog models, tasks, and evaluation metrics, our systematic
review explicitly focuses on identifying and categorizing the pitfalls, solutions, and impacts associated with
LM4Code in practice.

While related research evaluating LM4Code [16, 93, 108, 178] identifies some issues, our
work distinguishes itself in two key ways: (1) we employ a rigorous SLR methodology that systematically
identifies and categorizes pitfalls, and (2) we present a comprehensive taxonomy structured around the entire
LLM lifecycle, from dataset construction to deployment.

This approach enables us to systematically analyze not
only the identified issues but also their corresponding solutions and practical impacts, providing an integrative
perspective that supports both researchers and practitioners in developing more reliable code intelligence systems.

Ensuring the robustness, reliability, and trustworthy deployment of LMs is important for their effective
integration into the software development lifecycle.

Consequently, it is crucial to discern the nature of these
pitfalls, comprehend their implications, and examine existing solutions.

Thus, we aim to answer the following
research questions in this study:
• RQ1: What types of pitfalls are prevalent in language models for code intelligence?

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细讨论了系统设计与学习中的陷阱（数据窥探、虚假关联、不适当的模型设计），与参考事实中的具体陷阱对应。
This section examines pitfalls in the system design and learning process for LM4Code.

The training of these
LM4Code models directly impacts their quality and efficacy for empowering code intelligence.

However, several
challenges arise in crafting optimal model architectures, formulating strategic training-testing approaches,
refining data preprocessing techniques, and selecting suitable learning algorithms.

Each design decision risks
introducing pitfalls that can undermine model robustness and effectiveness.
4.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
We have identified 43 research studies dedicated to the exploration of pitfalls introduced in the system design
and learning process.

These pitfalls can be broadly categorized into three categories: data snooping, spurious
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
correlations, and inappropriate model design.

In the following, we provide comprehensive descriptions of these
three pitfalls.

Data Snooping: Data snooping arises when LMs are inadvertently exposed during training to information that
should be inaccessible.

Such unintentional exposure primarily stems from improper data handling.

A common
source is improper train-test split, where evaluation/testing data leaks into training.

For example, research has
identified instances where training data incorporates bugs or vulnerabilities that closely mirror those encountered
in testing [27, 175].

This concept of overlap is further supported by Liu et al. [88] highlighting the risks associated
with functionality similarities between train and test data.

Another dimension to consider is the origin of the
data.

For instance, as emphasized by Steenhoek et al. [144] and Yang et al. [180], using samples from the same
software projects for both training and testing can influence the models.

Even data structure and representation
choices enable snooping.

Liu et al. [95] and Shi et al. [139] emphasize that pitfalls can emerge from the data
processing processes such as test prefix generation or concurrent use of same-class data.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了性能评估中的问题，涉及该类别。
The reproducibility of research findings through independent verification is a fundamental requirement of the
scientific process that allows reported improvements to be validated and incrementally built upon [60].

However,
our analysis reveals that performance evaluation in LM4Code research may lack sufficient reproducibility.

The proposed approaches frequently bypass consistent evaluation protocols, datasets, and implementation
details, making it difficult for others to replicate the experiments described in the literature and validate their
accuracy [191].

Furthermore, inconsistent performance across different runs or implementations obscures the
reliability of findings, as initial results that appear promising frequently fail to fully replicate in subsequent
studies [191].

This phenomenon indicates that minor variances in experimental conditions, which are rarely
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 总结了分类法，明确列出了四个类别，与参考事实一致。
We conducted a qualitative and quantitative synthesis of the collected studies.

We present a taxonomy of the collected studies according to the LM4Code lifecycle, including data
collection and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, deployment, and maintenance.

Our synthesis investigates the pitfalls present in LM4Code, summarizes the implications of these pitfalls,
investigates how these issues are addressed, and outlines future challenges in this field.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
(a) Distribution of papers over years
• Insightful Findings and Recommendations.

In addition to identifying and analyzing pitfalls, we distilled
practical insights and recommendations for researchers and practitioners in the field of LM4Code.

These
findings pave the way for developing more robust and reliable language models tailored for code in-
telligence, mitigating potential challenges and maximizing their utility of such models in real-world
applications.

**LLM判定汇总**: 10/10 relevant → precision=1.0000

## [16] single_006_zh

**Query**: FlippedRAG 如何实现黑盒观点操纵？其攻击方法是什么？需要什么访问权限？

**Reference**:
- FlippedRAG 是一种黑盒对抗攻击，通过查询目标 RAG 训练替代检索模型，然后生成对抗触发器重排目标文档来操纵 RAG 生成的观点。
- 攻击者仅需要查询 RAG 系统的权限，以及向语料库中注入少量修改后候选文本的能力。
- FlippedRAG 针对有争议的观点型查询而非事实型问题，无需访问知识库、检索器内部或 LLM 参数。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论FlippedRAG在释义防御下的攻击效果以及随机掩码平滑防御，未直接说明FlippedRAG如何实现黑盒观点操纵、攻击方法或所需访问权限。
We
also exclude the evaluation of GARAG for its inefficacy in opinion
manipulation.

The attack effectiveness of FlippedRAG and other baselines
against paraphrasing is presented in Table 10.

Both the baselines
and FlippedRAG exhibit a decline in attack effectiveness when confronted with paraphrasing, yet PoisonedRAG’s and FlippedRAG’s
overall attack performance remains notably significant.

PoisonedRAG demonstrates a less reduction in attack effectiveness under
paraphrasing defense attributed to the direct insertion of queries.
5.4.5 Mitigation Based on Randomized Mask Smoothing.

Randomized smoothing is a defense method aiming at achieving certified
robustness against adversarial examples.

It constructs a smoothed
composite function by introducing random variables to the original
function or the model, enabling the certification of its robustness
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
under certain conditions.

We explore randomized mask smoothing
as a defense mechanism to counteract RAG attacks in Figure 6.

More detail is provided in Appendix B.5.

The experimental results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and
FlippedRAG experience a slight decline in attack effectiveness when
confronted with randomized masking smoothing.

However, since
both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG employ trigger insertion, the
compositions of their adversarial documents are similar after masking operations.

Additionally, because PoisonedRAG inserts the
query itself as the trigger, which enhances retrieval ranking more
effectively, the decline in PoisonedRAG’s attack success and opinion
manipulation success rate is somewhat smaller.

Our findings further reveal that the success rate of RAG attacks
continues to increase when the mask rate ranges from 0% to 30%.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段提到攻击者无需了解RAG模型架构和参数，且可以通过注入恶意修改到知识库（如维基百科）来实施攻击，这与参考事实中关于访问权限（仅需查询权限和注入能力）的描述直接相关。
There are no restrictions on the number of calls to RAG.

Furthermore, the adversary has no knowledge of the architecture,
parameters, or any other information related to the models in RAG.

Modifying the prompt templates used by the LLM in RAG is also
prohibited.

Targeted traps necessitate adversary selection of controversial topics for manipulation, so adversaries possess awareness
of user query intents input to the target retriever in RAG.

FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
data of retrieval model and constructing contrastive pairs in
black-box RAG.

Following [4, 6, 27, 42], FlippedRAG presents realistic threats
to RAG-like systems using data from public platforms that allow
user edits.

Adversaries can compromise RAG output objectivity
by injecting malicious modifications into knowledge sources in-
cluding Wikipedia, user-generated content (UGC) platforms, and
other publicly accessible web resources.

As established in studies
[3, 18, 23], the retrieval corpus consists of millions of texts from
the Internet, enabling attackers to insert maliciously crafted web
content.

This demonstrates FlippedRAG’s viable threat potential
against real-world black-box RAG systems.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段明确说明FlippedRAG是一种针对黑盒RAG的迁移攻击，通过逆向工程近似检索器并训练替代模型，然后生成对抗触发器操纵文档，这与参考事实中的攻击方法描述一致。
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial
Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) enriches LLMs by dynamically retrieving external knowledge, reducing hallucinations and
satisfying real-time information needs.

While existing research
mainly targets RAG’s performance and efficiency, emerging studies
highlight critical security concerns.

Yet, current adversarial ap-
proaches remain limited, mostly addressing white-box scenarios
or heuristic black-box attacks without fully investigating vulnerabilities in the retrieval phase.

Additionally, prior works mainly
focus on factoid Q&A tasks, their attacks lack complexity and can
be easily corrected by advanced LLMs.

In this paper, we investigate
a more realistic and critical threat scenario: adversarial attacks in-
tended for opinion manipulation against black-box RAG models,
particularly on controversial topics.

Specifically, we propose FlippedRAG, a transfer-based adversarial attack against black-box RAG-
like systems.

We first demonstrate that the underlying retriever of
a black-box RAG can be reverse-engineered and approximated by
enumerating critical queries, candidates, and answers, enabling us
to train a surrogate retriever.

Leveraging the surrogate retriever,
we further craft target poisoning triggers, altering vary few documents to effectively manipulate both retrieval and subsequent
generation, transferring the attack to the original black-box RAG
model.

Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要介绍FlippedRAG的贡献和实验效果，未详细说明攻击方法或所需访问权限。
DoS denotes denial-of-service and "-" denotes not applicable.
reveal that the proposed attack strategy can significantly alter the
opinion polarity of the content generated by RAG.

Furthermore, we
discuss the efficacy of potential defense mechanisms and conclude
that they are insufficient in mitigating this type of attack.

This not
only highlights the vulnerability of the retrieval model and RAG
model but, more importantly, underscores the potential negative
impact on user cognition and decision-making.

Such vulnerabilities
can increase the risk of misleading users into accepting incorrect
or biased information.

Our major contributions are as follows:
(1) We propose FlippedRAG, a novel transfer-based opinion ma-
nipulation attack against black-box RAG-like systems.

It realistically
reflects practical threat scenarios, and to our knowledge, we are
among the first to study adversarial opinion manipulation targeting
open-ended and controversial topics in RAG-based models.
(2) We propose a new approach to construct high-quality pseudorelevant contrastive pairs for training surrogate retrieval models in
black-box RAG.

It highlights risks regarding context data leakage
in LLM applications.

Extensive automated evaluations combined
with user studies confirm that our method effectively manipulates
the opinions generated by RAG models, ultimately influencing user
perception toward specifically targeted stance.
(3) We thoroughly evaluate existing defense measures and find
that they fail to effectively prevent or reduce the impact of FlippedRAG, underscoring the urgent need for novel and more robust
mitigation strategies.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要展示FlippedRAG的攻击成功率和用户认知影响，未涉及攻击方法或访问权限的具体描述。
Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than the 
author(s) must be honored.

Abstracting with credit is permitted.

To copy otherwise, or 
republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior specific permission 
and/or a fee.

Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.

RAG-generated responses, ultimately causing a notable 20% shift in
user cognition.

Furthermore, we actively evaluate the performance
of several potential defensive measures, concluding that existing
mitigation strategies remain insufficient against such sophisticated
manipulation attacks.

These results highlight an urgent need for
developing innovative defensive solutions to ensure the security
and trustworthiness of RAG systems.
• Security and privacy →Domain-specific security and privacy architectures; • Information systems →Information ex-
traction; • Computing methodologies →Natural language processing.

RAG; Black-box Adversarial Attack; Opinion Manipulation
Zhuo Chen, Yuyang Gong, Jiawei Liu, Miaokun Chen, Haotan Liu, Qikai 
Cheng, Fan Zhang, Wei Lu, and Xiaozhong Liu. 2025.

FlippedRAG: Black-
Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented 
Generation Models.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference 
on Computer and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, 
Taipei.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段说明攻击者只能通过RAG接口交互，无法直接访问检索器，但可以插入对抗性修改的候选文本到语料库，这与参考事实中关于黑盒访问权限和注入能力的内容相符。
3.1 Overview
Our objective is to manipulate the opinions expressed in the re-
sponses generated by black-box RAG models on controversial topics.

We mainly focus on the retrieval component, where manipulated
ranking outcomes propagate to bias the LLM’s output generation.

Zhang et al. [36] attempted to poison context documents to mislead
the LLM into generating incorrect content.

However, this approach
necessitates extensive internal details of the LLM application, rendering it less feasible in real-world scenarios.

In the black-box RAG
context, the attacker lacks access to internal information of the RAG,
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Zhuo Chen et al.

Figure 2: The overview of FlippedRAG for manipulating the opinions of RAG-generated content under black-box setting.
including model architecture and scoring functions, and can only
interact with the inputs and outputs of the RAG.

Specifically, the at-
tacker can only use the interface of the RAG and not directly access
the retriever.

Since the inputs to LLMs are comprised of the user
query and context documents, and the user query is immutable, our
attack strategy focuses on modifying candidate documents within
the corpus.

Although the attacker does not have access to the en-
tire corpus, they can insert adversarially modified candidate texts
into it, as many RAG-like applications source information from the
Internet, where the content is publicly accessible and editable.

The basic framework of RAG comprises two components: the
retriever and the LLM.

These modules are serially connected, with
the retriever sourcing context information from a knowledge base,
upon which the LLM then performs the generation task.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论关键词密度和释义防御，未直接说明FlippedRAG的攻击方法或访问权限。
Keyword density, which
is a measure of how often a certain keyword or phrase appears,
is a critical factor in SEO as high keyword densities make spam
pages more relevant to the user query.

Given that the RAG attack
scenario involves manipulation during the search phase, we also
employed keyword density to detect the RAG attack in Table 9.

The keyword density of adversarial documents generated by
FlippedRAG and other baselines is comparable to that of natural
documents in clean data.

In contrast, the keyword density of documents generated by PoisonedRAG is significantly higher than that
of natural documents, making PoisonedRAG more susceptible to
being filtered out by search engine SEO review mechanisms.
5.4.4
Mitigation Based on Paraphrasing.

Cheng et al. [6] and Zou
et al. [42] attempt to employ paraphrasing defense to test the ef-
fectiveness of the RAG attack they proposed.

The implementation
detail of paraphrasing in our experiment is in Appendix B.5.

Table 10: Manipulation effect of the baselines and FlippedRAG against paraphrasing defense. w/o and w/ denote without and with, respectively.

Given that paraphrasing primarily targets the retrieval phase, the
comparative analysis excludes prompt injection attacks and static
text manipulation, as they exclusively focus on the generation.

We
also exclude the evaluation of GARAG for its inefficacy in opinion
manipulation.

The attack effectiveness of FlippedRAG and other baselines
against paraphrasing is presented in Table 10.

Both the baselines
and FlippedRAG exhibit a decline in attack effectiveness when confronted with paraphrasing, yet PoisonedRAG’s and FlippedRAG’s
overall attack performance remains notably significant.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段比较不同攻击方法的性能，未详细描述FlippedRAG的实现方式或所需权限。
The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

The stronger baseline
integrating Disinformation and Static Text demonstrates improved
ranking relevance and guides LLM output during the generation
phase, consequently achieving superior manipulation efficacy compared to its constituent baselines.

However, due to the absence of
dedicated optimization for retrieval or ranking relevance, its ranking manipulation capability remains constrained.

Consequently,
the overall attack efficacy falls short of both FlippedRAG and PoisonedRAG.

The limited adaptability of GARAG to black-box opinion ma-
nipulation tasks arises from two fundamental constraints.

First, its
methodology, originally designed for closed-domain QA to deviate
RAG systems from factual correctness, exploits a vast generative
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
space where any incorrect output suffices as a successful attack.

In contrast, our opinion manipulation framework strictly confines
LLM outputs to binary stance options (support/oppose), significantly increasing the attack complexity.

Second, our implementation reveals white-box dependencies in GARAG’s genetic algorithm,
which leverages internal retriever and LLM calculated values during
adversarial document optimization.

These architectural dependencies undermine its efficacy in more authentic black-box scenarios.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细描述了FlippedRAG通过设计指令获取检索结果、训练替代模型来近似黑盒检索器，并生成对抗触发器，这与参考事实中的攻击方法（训练替代检索模型、生成对抗触发器）直接相关。
It allow us to designed a retriever
imitation method for black-box RAG to address the limitations of
white-box attacks or heuristic-based attacks against such systems.

Specifically, we utilize carefully designed instructions to obtain
the retrieval results within the RAG model.

Subsequently, based
on the constructed (query, candidate) pairs from retrieval list, we
train a surrogate model using the extracted retrieval data [19, 30]
to approximate and transparentize the relevance preferences of the
retriever in the black-box RAG model.

Based on this surrogate model, we develop an attack strategy
aimed at manipulating the opinions of candidate documents.

By
attacking this surrogate model, we generate adversarial opinion
manipulation triggers, which are then transferred to the target RAG
corpus, as shown in the right part of Figure 1.

We conduct experiments on opinion datasets encompassing multiple topics to validate
the effectiveness and scope of the attack strategy without relying
on internal knowledge of the RAG model.

The experimental results
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Comparison of existing RAG attacks.

DoS denotes denial-of-service and "-" denotes not applicable.
reveal that the proposed attack strategy can significantly alter the
opinion polarity of the content generated by RAG.

Furthermore, we
discuss the efficacy of potential defense mechanisms and conclude
that they are insufficient in mitigating this type of attack.

This not
only highlights the vulnerability of the retrieval model and RAG
model but, more importantly, underscores the potential negative
impact on user cognition and decision-making.

Such vulnerabilities
can increase the risk of misleading users into accepting incorrect
or biased information.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要比较不同攻击方法的性能，未提供FlippedRAG攻击方法或访问权限的具体信息。
While Prompt In-
jection Attack, Disinformation, Static Text, "Disinformation + Static
text", and PAT transfer-based attack achieve moderate effectiveness
in opinion manipulation, GARAG manifests the most suboptimal
performance within this adversarial task paradigm.

The superior performance of PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG
stems from their targeted optimizations of critical components in
the RAG workflow: retrieval and generation.

In the generation
phase, PoisonedRAG leverages LLMs to synthesize content engineered to steer target systems, while FlippedRAG adopts a minimal
data perturbation strategy by curating opinion-specific documents
that guide RAG systems to extrapolate desired stances through
Table 7: The controlled user experimental results on opinion
manipulation in controversial topics.

Mean ± SD represents
the arithmetic mean and standard deviation of user opinion
polarity values. * denotes statistical significance at p < 0.05.
summarization.

The enhanced efficacy of PoisonedRAG derives
from its retrieval optimization: injecting the question into documents, which maximizes the retrieval probability by exploiting
the semantic self-similarity.

In contrast, although FlippedRAG im-
proves adversarial document rankings through black-box retriever
imitation, its effectiveness remains suboptimal compared to exact
question-question matching paradigm.

The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

**LLM判定汇总**: 4/10 relevant → precision=0.4000

