RAGAS Debug — 策略: hybrid_score_translate
================================================================================

## [1] cross_001_en

**Query**: Compare PoisonedRAG and Machine Against the RAG: how do they each attack RAG systems, and what are the key differences in their threat models?

**Reference**:
- PoisonedRAG injects malicious passages into the knowledge corpus to corrupt retrieval results, requiring corpus access.
- Machine Against the RAG jams RAG systems with blocker documents that suppress relevant retrieval without corpus poisoning.
- PoisonedRAG requires attacker access to the knowledge base; Machine Against the RAG only requires the ability to inject documents at query time.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论攻击者假设（黑盒、未知模型等），未涉及PoisonedRAG或Machine Against the RAG的具体攻击方法或威胁模型差异。
The attacker does not know which LLM
and embedding model are used by the RAG system, nor k,
the number of documents retrieved in response to each query,
nor do they observe log probabilities of LLM outputs.

By
contrast, many existing methods for generating adversarial
documents (see Sections 2 and 6.4) require white-box access
to at least the logit layer of the target LLM.

Our attack assumes knowledge of the exact query used
by the victim.

This simulates the common case where RAG
usage is predictable, e.g., to fill standardized questionnaires,
or a fixed set of query phrasings is built into the system (this
is a common practice to optimize results).

We explore the
effects of query paraphrasing in Section 8.

We assume that the RAG system’s configuration is static:
the underlying LLM, the system prompt, and the number of
documents retrieved for each query do not change often.

We
leave exploration of more adaptive systems to future work.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击（通过单个文档阻塞检索），与参考事实中'Machine Against the RAG jams RAG systems with blocker documents'直接相关。
In many usage scenarios (e.g., customer feedback stored in an enterprise RAG system), the
attacker may not even be able to see other documents that will
be retrieved and processed by RAG.

Therefore, the attacker
cannot suppress the answer by removing or editing documents
that answer the query.

Instead, the attacker’s document needs
to somehow “jam” or block these documents even though
they are retrieved in response to the query and constitute the
majority of the generation context.

In other attacks on LLM
systems, such as jailbreaking, the attacker controls most of
the LLM input.

This is not the case in jamming attacks.

To keep the attack stealthy and practical, we limit the at-
tacker to a single document.

Consider user-generated reviews
on a site like Yelp, IMDb or Google Maps.

Creating many
fake reviews is detectable (if all originate from new users or
exhibit similar features) and/or avoidable (by only retrieving
unique reviews).

In other scenarios, however, it may be feasible to insert multiple adversarial documents, with or without
the ability to edit them later.

In Section D, we perform a
limited evaluation of an attack involving multiple documents.

We assume that the attacker has black-box, adaptive, external access to the RAG system, i.e., they can interact with it
by repeatedly supplying arbitrary queries and observing the
resulting outputs.

The attacker does not know which LLM
and embedding model are used by the RAG system, nor k,
the number of documents retrieved in response to each query,
nor do they observe log probabilities of LLM outputs.

By
contrast, many existing methods for generating adversarial
documents (see Sections 2 and 6.4) require white-box access
to at least the logit layer of the target LLM.

Our attack assumes knowledge of the exact query used
by the victim.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细说明Machine Against the RAG的攻击者目标和能力（插入/编辑文档，无需删除其他文档），与参考事实中'only requires the ability to inject documents at query time'一致。
Attacker’s objective.

The attacker’s goal is to prevent the
RAG system from answering certain queries.

This is a realistic
threat in any RAG system that operates on user-generated
content, such as webpages, social media, customer feedback,
internal reviews, etc.

For example, a business owner may want
to suppress bad reviews from sites like Yelp or Tripadvisor
and prevent them from influencing AI-generated summaries.

Someone with an unsavory record or reputation may want to
suppress answers to queries that would return news articles
or criminal records.

A bad employee may want to suppress
answers to queries about customer complaints.

Preventing a RAG system from answering a query is a
stealthier attack than providing an incorrect answer.

Refusals
are not amenable to fact-checking.

Furthermore, they are not
anomalous because LLMs routinely fail to answer queries,
citing the lack of information or safety risk.

Attacker’s capabilities.

We assume that the attacker can in-
sert and repeatedly edit their own content in the target RAG
system’s database but not remove or modify other documents.

This is a realistic assumption for RAG systems that op-
erate on user-generated content—Web content from sites
like Wikipedia, Reddit forums, social media, review sites,
etc.—and frequently re-index the database to account for
updates and new content.

In many usage scenarios (e.g., customer feedback stored in an enterprise RAG system), the
attacker may not even be able to see other documents that will
be retrieved and processed by RAG.

Therefore, the attacker
cannot suppress the answer by removing or editing documents
that answer the query.

Instead, the attacker’s document needs
to somehow “jam” or block these documents even though
they are retrieved in response to the query and constitute the
majority of the generation context.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段对比了PoisonedRAG（添加多个文档，目标为错误信息）和Machine Against the RAG（单个文档，拒绝服务），直接涉及两者差异。
In indirect prompt injection [17],
adversaries do not directly interact with the target LLM.

Instead, they inject adversarial inputs into third-party data,
which is then added to the LLM prompt (intentionally or
unintentionally) by the victim application and/or its users.

RAG poisoning attacks are an instance of indirect prompt
injection, where the adversary has the additional challenge
to ensure that their content is retrieved by the RAG system.

Zou et al.’s PoisonedRAG [68] adds multiple documents to
the database, crafted to make the system generate adversarychosen responses to specific queries—see Section 5.4 for
more details.

Their stated goal is misinformation rather than
jamming (denial of service).

PoisonedRAG adds multiple
documents to the database, whereas our attack only adds one.

That said, the adversary could use PoisonedRAG for jamming
by choosing a refusal to answer as the target response and limiting themselves to adding just one document to the database.

We evaluate this attack method in Section 6.6.

Concurrently and independently of this work, Chaudhari
et al. [8] described RAG poisoning attacks for several adversarial goals, including reputation damage, privacy violations,
harmful behaviors, and denial of service.

These attacks are
white-box and assume that the adversary knows both the em-
bedding model and the LLM used by the target RAG system.

This assumption rules out many realistic threat scenarios.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论查询改写对RAG系统的影响，未涉及PoisonedRAG或Machine Against the RAG的攻击方法或威胁模型。
Some
queries which the RAG system adequately answers in their
original phrasing may no longer be answered if they are paraphrased.

Paraphrasing could have also a positive effect, if
queries that were not answered in their original phrasing are
answered after paraphrasing.

In Table 7, we compute the probability that a query is negatively or positively impacted by
paraphrasing, over all queries and 5 paraphrases per query.

Automated paraphrasing can significantly change the
meaning of the query.

For example, the query “why do
we celebrate holi festival in hindi” was paraphrased to “
”, for which an unpoisoned
RAG system using Llama-2-7b replied with “The query ‘
?’ translates to ‘Why do we
celebrate Passover, what is its significance?’ Passover is a
Table 8: Comparison of our black-box optimized approach (“BBO”) and the instruction injection (“Inst”) approach in the
presence of StruQ and Secalign defenses against prompt injection.

In the undefended (“Undef”) setting, instruction injection
mostly outperforms BBO; against StruQ, BBO performs significantly better; against SecAlign, the two methods are comparable.

Table 9: The effect of different values of k, the number of
retrieved documents, on attack performance.
significant festival in the Jewish religion, commemorating the
Israelites’ liberation from slavery in Egypt.”.

In addition to its impact on utility, paraphrasing can impact
the latency and cost of RAG.

API calls to LLM providers
can take up to several seconds even when the output is a
few tokens, and the cost of each generation is non-trivial.

Furthermore, queries in many real-world RAG deployments
are limited to a closed set (see Section 4).

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段是Machine Against the RAG论文摘要，明确描述jamming攻击（单个blocker文档导致拒绝服务），与参考事实直接相关。
Machine Against the RAG: Jamming Retrieval-
Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents
Avital Shafran, The Hebrew University; Roei Schuster, Wild Moose; 
Vitaly Shmatikov, Cornell Tech
Machine Against the RAG:
Jamming Retrieval-Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents

Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems respond to
queries by retrieving relevant documents from a knowledge
database and applying an LLM to the retrieved documents.

We
demonstrate that RAG systems that operate on databases with
untrusted content are vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks
we call jamming.

An adversary can add a single “blocker”
document to the database that will be retrieved in response to
a specific query and result in the RAG system not answering
this query, ostensibly because it lacks relevant information or
because the answer is unsafe.

We describe and measure the efficacy of several methods
for generating blocker documents, including a new method
based on black-box optimization.

Our method (1) does not
rely on instruction injection, (2) does not require the adversary
to know the embedding or LLM used by the target RAG
system, and (3) does not employ an auxiliary LLM.

We evaluate jamming attacks on several embeddings and
LLMs and demonstrate that the existing safety metrics for
LLMs do not capture their vulnerability to jamming.

We then
discuss defenses against blocker documents.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述PoisonedRAG的攻击者目标和能力（添加多个文档，目标答案），但未与参考事实中PoisonedRAG的具体描述（注入恶意段落、需要语料库访问）直接对应。
We characterize the threat model with respect to the attacker’s
goals, background knowledge, and capabilities.

Attacker’s goals.

Suppose an attacker selects an arbitrary
set of M questions (called target questions), denoted as
Q1,Q2,··· ,QM.

For every target question Qi, the attacker
selects an arbitrary attacker-desired answer Ri (called target
answer) for it.

For instance, the target question Qi could be
“Who is the CEO of OpenAI?” and the target answer Ri could
be “Tim Cook”.

Given the M selected target questions and the
corresponding M target answers, we consider that an attacker
aims to corrupt the knowledge database D such that the LLM
in a RAG system generates the target answer Ri for the target
question Qi, where i = 1,2,··· ,M.

We note that such an attack could cause severe concerns
in the real world.

For instance, an attacker could disseminate
disinformation, mislead an LLM to generate biased answers
on consumer products, and propagate harmful health/ﬁnancial
misinformation.

These threats bring serious safety and ethical
concerns for the deployment of RAG systems for real-world
applications in healthcare, ﬁnance, legal consulting, etc.

Attacker’s background knowledge and capabilities.

There
are three components in a RAG system: database, retriever,
and LLM.

We consider that an attacker cannot access texts in
a knowledge database, and cannot access the parameters nor
query the LLM.

Depending on whether the attacker knows
the retriever, we consider two settings: black-box setting and
white-box setting.

In particular, in the black-box setting, we
consider that the attacker cannot access the parameters nor
query the retriever.

Our black-box setting is considered a
very strong threat model.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击（单个blocker文档导致拒绝服务），与参考事实中'jams RAG systems with blocker documents'直接相关。
We introduced a new type of denial-of-service vulnerabilities
in retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems.

A single
“blocker” document in a RAG database can jam the system, in-
ducing it to refuse to answer a certain query.

We demonstrated
this attack against several LLMs and showed that resistance
to jamming is a novel safety property, not captured by the
existing safety and trustworthiness metrics.

We evaluated several methods for generating blocker documents, including a new method based on black-box optimization that requires query-only access to the target RAG system.

While effective, this method produces documents that are
easy to detect.

One question for future research is if it is possible to generate, without relying on an oracle LLM, passive
blocker documents (i.e., without explicit instructions) that do
not appear anomalous to a human reader and are difficult to
detect automatically.

If such blockers exist, they will require
more sophisticated defenses than perplexity-based filtering.

Another open question is the existence of universal blocker
documents that jam an entire class of queries, as opposed to
paraphrases of a particular query.

Future research may investigate more stringent threat models.

For example, in many realistic settings adversaries are
limited to a relatively small number of queries to the target
RAG system.

Also, the target’s database may change between
the time the adversary generates the blocker and the time it
is added to the database or the time the database is queried.

This raises the question if it is possible to generate blocker
documents with access to a RAG system whose database is
not exactly the same as the target’s database.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击（单个blocker文档，查询特定），与参考事实中'only requires the ability to inject documents at query time'一致。
Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) is a key application [15] of large language models (LLMs).

RAG systems
combine LLMs with knowledge databases.

When the user
submits a query, the system retrieves relevant documents from
the database based on their semantic proximity to the query,
typically measured via embedding similarity (see Section 3).

The LLM then uses the retrieved documents as its context to
generate a response.

Figure 1 shows a schematic overview of
RAG systems and our jamming attack (introduced below).

RAG systems are vulnerable to adversarial content in their
databases.

In many real-world applications of RAG, adversaries have an opportunity to add their documents to the un-
derlying database, whether internal (e.g., customer feedback
or enterprise-network logs) or external (e.g., webpages, re-
views, or social media).

Security of RAG systems is one of
the top ten security risks for LLM-based applications [43].

Our contributions.

We demonstrate and evaluate a new class
of denial-of-service vulnerabilities in RAG systems.

We show
how an adversary with query-only access to the RAG system
(but no knowledge of the embedding or LLM that it uses) and
insert-and-edit access to its knowledge database can create
query-specific “blocker” documents.

After a single blocker
is added to the database, (a) it is retrieved along with other,
clean documents relevant to the query, and (b) causes the
RAG system to generate a response that fails to answer the
query, ostensibly because it lacks information or because the
answer is unsafe.

We call this a jamming attack.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论数据投毒和后门攻击的一般背景，未具体涉及PoisonedRAG或Machine Against the RAG的攻击方法或威胁模型差异。
Many studies [37, 66–74] show machine learning models
are vulnerable to data poisoning and backdoor attacks.

In
particular, they showed that a machine learning model has
attacker-desired behaviors when trained on the poisoned training dataset.

When extended to RAG systems, they compromise an LLM or a retriever, which can be challenging when
a RAG system adopts an LLM or a retriever released by big
tech companies such as Meta and Google.

Different from
existing studies [37, 66, 67, 70], our attacks do not poison the
training dataset of a LLM or a retriever.

Instead, our attacks
exploit the new and practical attack surface introduced by
knowledge databases of RAG systems.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [2] cross_002_en

**Query**: Compare FlatD, MACO, and Hardening DNN Binaries: what different approaches do they take to protect DNN models from reverse engineering?

**Reference**:
- FlatD uses Control Flow Flattening to conceal the CFG of DNN programs integrated into TVM compilation.
- MACO uses compiler-level obfuscation to prevent model extraction from compiled binaries.
- Hardening DNN Binaries proposes hardening techniques against reverse engineering attacks on DNN executables.
- All three target protecting DNN intellectual property at the binary level but differ in their obfuscation strategies.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块描述了针对DNN二进制的加固技术（NeuroShield），与参考事实中'Hardening DNN Binaries'相关。
Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse
West Lafayette, IN, USA
West Lafayette, IN, USA
zou116@purdue.edu

Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are proprietary assets due to the
expertise, confidential data, and high development costs involved in
model training.

Well-trained DNN models are compiled into DNN
binaries to be efficiently executed on various platforms, such as
edge devices and cloud infrastructures.

Recent research on DNN
binary decompilation shows the potential of stealing DNN models
via binary reverse engineering techniques.

While obfuscation is
a well-studied technique to hamper binary reverse engineering,
general obfuscation schemes are not designed for this new type of
binary and have limitations in concealing information within DNN
binaries due to the unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

In this paper, we show that existing reverse engineering attacks
on DNN binaries can recover 98.5% of DNN operators from DNN
binaries that have been obfuscated using general obfuscators.

We
then propose new obfuscation schemes tailored for DNN binaries,
namely, (1) Flexible Operator Fusion; (2) Fake Operator Insertion;
and (3) Operator Computation Reordering.

We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an end-to-end obfuscation toolchain
called NeuroShield.

Experiments show that NeuroShield is resilient
to existing model reverse engineering attacks while introducing a
reasonable overhead.

Specifically, NeuroShield reduces the operator
recovery rate to 3.03% for CV models and 47.18% for NLP models.

Moreover, it has comparable binary size overhead and significantly
lower execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM,
one of the commonly used general obfuscators.
• Security and privacy →Software reverse engineering.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要讨论通用混淆器与NeuroShield的效果对比，未直接涉及FlatD、MACO或Hardening DNN Binaries的具体方法。
Engineering Attacks
To compare the effectiveness of general obfuscators and NeuroShield
on DNN binaries, we evaluate them against two state-of-the-art
DNN decompilers, DnD and BTD.

Note that the BTD attack is the
extended version we mentioned in Section 3.2.

Table 5 reports the
attack time and the number of operator functions reconstructed by
DnD and BTD on compiled DNN models under different obfuscation
techniques.

We group the results for three CV models (Mnist, Resnet,
Mobilenet) and NLP models (FastText, ESM, Albert) together for
better presentation.

We only evaluate CV models for DnD as it only
supports CV models in its evaluation dataset.

For Loki’s obfuscated
models, only Mnist and FastText can finish execution.

As BTD is
based on dynamic analysis, we only evaluate the two models under
Loki’s obfuscation for BTD.

The upper part of Table 5 presents the attack results for DnD.

Among general obfuscators, Fusor is ineffective against DnD with
100% operator functions semantics being recovered.

The reason is
that the inserted opaque predicates do not change the overall nested
loop structures, which is the fundamental information leveraged
by DnD to infer the operator types and attributes.

The Other three
Table 5: Evaluation on existing DNN binary reverse engineering attacks.

For the BTD attack, we use a thread pool with
20 threads to parallelize the attack for all functions in each
general obfuscators achieve full protection against DnD, as they
drastically change the control flow structures.

For Tigress and Loki,
the attack stopped in about 30s because DnD failed to retrieve the
control flow graph of binaries under VM-based obfuscation.

--- Chunk #2 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块介绍DNN二进制逆向工程的一般背景和攻击方法，未直接提及三种保护方法。
In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块描述NeuroShield的混淆技术，与参考事实中'Hardening DNN Binaries'的加固方法相关。
In
contrast, NeuroShield hardens DNN binaries in a way that makes
DNN binary reverse engineering attacks ineffective.

Hardware-based Model Protection.

Hardware-based methods
offer protection for DNN models through approaches such as: (1)
using hardware-secured secret keys to obfuscate model weights [22,
44, 62]; (2) executing DNN models within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) [43, 45].

These approaches require specific hardware support, while NeuroShield uses binary obfuscation to protect
model structures and is more generic.
9 Summary
We present NeuroShield, an implementation of three distinct obfuscation techniques tailored for DNN binaries: (1) Flexible Operator
Fusion, (2) Fake Operator Insertion, and (3) Operator Computation
Reordering.

Experiments show that NeuroShield provides strong
protection against existing reverse engineering attacks while introducing a reasonable overhead.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DNN模型作为知识产权的一般背景和部署方式，未直接涉及三种保护方法。
Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are considered proprietary assets
due to the specialized expertise, confidential user data, and substantial development costs required to train them.

Firstly, the model
architecture needs to be well designed, which requires either hu-
man expertise or automatic neural architecture searching in a large
searching space [18, 19].

Secondly, companies typically use private
user data to train DNN models, which are often confidential.

These
data are vulnerable to leakage, especially in scenarios where the
DNN model semantics are known by attackers (i.e., white-box at-
tacks [59]).

A recent article from NVIDIA reports a total training
time of 34 days, and a cost of $4.6M to train the GPT-3 model [47].

These advanced models represent a unique form of intellectual property, which companies try to keep secret for the purpose of keeping
user data confidential and staying competitive in the market [63].

To deploy a DNN model, DNN compilers (e.g., TVM [4]) compile
DNN models into stand-alone binaries that can run on a dedicated
backend device.

For example, compiled DNN models have been
widely deployed as web services on the cloud [1, 42, 49], and directly
on edge devices (e.g., Google Chrome [23], Android apps [16]).

In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块总结NeuroShield的贡献和效果，与参考事实中'Hardening DNN Binaries'相关。
Specifically, NeuroShield
reduces the operator recovery rate to 3.03% for three CV models
(Mnist, Resnet, and Mobilenet) and 47.18% for three NLP models
(FastText, ESM, and AlBert).

In terms of binary size, the overhead
of NeuroShield is comparable to OLLVM, and is much smaller than
Tigress and Loki.

Moreover, NeuroShield has a much smaller execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM, Tigress
and Loki.

Our contributions can be summarized as follows:
• We conduct a study to show the ineffectiveness of general
obfuscation schemes against existing DNN binary reverse
engineering attacks, by extending the state-of-the-art attack
on DNN binaries, and using it to effectively recover six DNN
models’ semantics from DNN binaries under general obfuscations.
• We propose three dedicated obfuscation schemes to enhance
DNN binaries against existing reverse engineering attacks.
• We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an endto-end DNN compilation toolchain called NeuroShield.

The source code of NeuroShield is available on GitHub 1.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块分析DNN二进制的特性和攻击方法，未直接提及三种保护方法。
They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

We implement an extended
version of the attack described in [37] which successfully recovers
the semantics of 98.5% operator functions from six DNN models
(Mnist, Resnet, Mobilenet, FastText, ESM and AlBert) under the
obfuscation of four general obfuscators (Fusor [75], OLLVM [27],
Tigress [66] and Loki [57]).

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DNN计算图和算子融合，未直接涉及FlatD、MACO或Hardening DNN Binaries。
DNN models are generally represented as Computational Graphs,
with graph nodes denoting computation operators and edges denoting data flows.

Computation operators can be divided into two categories: (1) Complex operators (e.g., Conv2D, Dense, MaxPool),
which compute each output element from multiple input elements;
(2) Math operators (e.g., Add, Relu), which perform element-wise
mathematical operations over the input.

Figure 2 shows the computational graph of a shortcut structure commonly found in DNN
models.

Most DNN compilers use Graph-Level IR to represent the computation graph structure of a DNN model (e.g., Relay IR in TVM [4],
HLIR in Glow [56]).

DNN compilers perform operator fusion on
Graph-Level IR as a general optimization technique.

However, most
compilers (e.g., TVM and Glow) restrict fusion to narrow cases –
complex operators can only be fused to element-wise math operators concatenated to them.

For example, concatenating operators
Conv2D_1 and Relu_1 in Figure 2 are fused together.

As a re-
sult, a compiled fused operator function contains the semantics
of only one complex operator (called "anchor" operator in TVM).

The simplicity of the operator function is beneficial to subsequent
compilation optimization.

However, strict fusion rules result in
a limited number of fused operator types and ease the effort for
attackers to reverse engineering the DNN binary.

We propose to relax the strict fusion rules and aggressively fuse
operators, as long as they meet the following criteria:
• [R1] Upstream operators cannot be fused to downstream
operators if it has multiple downstream operators.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论NeuroShield的循环重排序和未来工作，与参考事实中'Hardening DNN Binaries'相关。
In this paper, we use loop reordering (cr) to evenly distribute
computation across the output elements of each operator, making
it more difficult for existing DNN binary decompilers (DnD and
BTD) to quickly infer the semantics of a single output.

Experiments
in Section 6.3 show that cr alone is not resilient against existing
reverse engineering attacks although it can increase the attack
time.

Evaluating the resilience of other loop transformations (e.g.,
unrolling, tiling) remains an open direction for future work.

Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse Engineering Attacks
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Obfuscation Overhead.

Although NeuroShield introduces a modest execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%), its binary size overhead
can be up to 201.8%.

Prior work has shown that protecting a small
subset of critical DNN operators can protect essential model functionality with significantly lower overhead [43].

Since the primary
source of NeuroShield’s binary size overhead is Fake Operator In-
sertion, this cost can be mitigated by applying fi only to fused
functions containing such critical operators.

Obfuscation of Complicated DNN Structures.

A comparatively
large portion of operators in complex neural network structures
(e.g., 47.18% operators in transformers) remain unprotected by NeuroShield.

These operators are related to connection structures and
can not be easily fused.

Extending Flexible Operator Fusion to support a wider range of fusion patterns is a promising direction that
we leave for future work.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块介绍DNN二进制逆向工程和通用混淆技术，未直接提及三种保护方法。
DNN Binary Reverse Engineering.

Attackers can reverse en-
gineer DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static
analysis [74] or dynamic analysis [37].

DnD [74] utilizes the static
control flow information in DNN binaries to reconstruct the loop
structures of DNN operators, which are then lifted to a customized
AST representation to recover the high-level semantics of DNN
operators.

BTD [37] performs symbolic execution on dynamic execution traces of DNN operators to reconstruct their semantics.

End-to-end DNN model fidelity attacks.

Another category of
DNN model stealing attack targets the model’s high-level functionality by treating it as a black box, e.g., querying it to train a surrogate
model [26, 67].

Fake Operator Insertion provides a certain extent
of protection for this kind of attack — only valid input will trigger
the model’s true behavior.

Attackers could still potentially train a
high-fidelity surrogate model given sufficiently extensive queries,
but with higher computational resources for model training.

Code Obfuscation.

Code Obfuscation is a technique used to make
software binaries harder to understand and analyze.

This is achieved
by altering the binary code in a way that preserves its original functionality but conceals its logic and intent from human or automated
reverse engineering attacks.

General obfuscation schemes include
Opaque Predicates [13, 46, 53, 75], Control Flow Flattening [10, 70],
Virtualization [2, 6, 11, 20, 29, 30, 34, 57, 61, 71, 72, 76], and Mixed
Boolean Arithmetic [57, 82].

These obfuscation schemes are ineffective against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN binaries
due to certain unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

DNN Structure Obfuscation.

**LLM判定汇总**: 4/10 relevant → precision=0.4000

## [3] single_001_en

**Query**: How does AgentSentinel provide end-to-end and real-time security defense for LLM agents? What is its core architecture?

**Reference**:
- AgentSentinel is an end-to-end real-time security defense system for computer-use LLM agents that intercepts sensitive operations and halts execution until a security audit is completed.
- Its core architecture includes context-aware agent monitoring, system-level tracing via eBPF and LSM, a task-context-aware security auditor with rule-based and LLM-based components, and container-based agent isolation.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块直接描述了AgentSentinel作为端到端实时安全防御系统，拦截敏感操作并暂停执行直到审计完成，同时提及了结合任务上下文的审计机制，与参考事实中的核心功能和架构直接相关。
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense
Framework for Computer-Use Agents

Large Language Models (LLMs) have been increasingly integrated
into computer-use agents, which can autonomously operate tools
on a user’s computer to accomplish complex tasks.

However, due to
the inherently unstable and unpredictable nature of LLM outputs,
they may issue unintended tool commands or incorrect inputs, leading to potentially harmful operations.

Unlike traditional security
risks stemming from insecure user prompts, tool execution results
from LLM-driven decisions introduce new and unique security
challenges.

These vulnerabilities span across all components of a
computer-use agent.

To mitigate these risks, we propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time defense framework designed to mitigate potential security threats on a user’s computer.

AgentSentinel
intercepts all sensitive operations within agent-related services and
halts execution until a comprehensive security audit is completed.

Our security auditing mechanism introduces a novel inspection
process that correlates the current task context with system traces
generated during task execution.

To thoroughly evaluate AgentSentinel, we present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across six attack categories.

The benchmark
demonstrates a 87% average attack success rate on four state-of-
the-art LLMs.

Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块详细介绍了实现中使用的eBPF、LSM系统级追踪和容器隔离技术，这些正是参考事实中核心架构的组成部分。
Implementation.

We implemented AgentSentinel in around 6700
lines of Golang code and 1900 lines of C code.

We utilized the
Extended Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF) [8] and Linux Security Modules (LSM) [38] techniques to trace and enforce sensitive operations
from the user scope.

We used lightweight container-based virtualization techniques (e.g., docker) to isolate the running environment
of LLM-based computer-use agents from the host system.

We im-
plemented AgentSentinel client as a Python package in 170 lines
of Python code; it is straightforward to implement it in other programming languages.

Experiment Settings.

We conducted all experiments on Ubuntu
20.04 with a 16-core CPU (Intel® Core™i7-10700 CPU @ 2.90GHz)
and 32G RAM.

We set the maximum process enforcement level to 4
and the maximum audit time to 110s, which is about 90% of the waiting time for a single tool use (see Section 4.3).

We chose Claude-for-
Computer-Use as the implementation of the computer-use agent; it
provides standard specifications for three tools — Bash, Computer,
and File Editor — and supports fully end-to-end computer-use op-
erations [15].

We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

--- Chunk #2 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要包含评估结果和引用信息，未描述AgentSentinel如何提供防御或核心架构，与参考事实不直接相关。
Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer
and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, Taipei.

ACM,
New York, NY, USA, 15 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3719027.3765064

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论现有防御的不足并引出AgentSentinel，但未完整描述其工作机制或架构，与参考事实不直接相关。
To compromise the operating system, a third-party ad-
versary could exploit the agent’s interaction with external tools.

For instance, if the agent fetches data using a tool whose source is
controlled by an attacker, the attacker can inject malicious payloads
into the tool results.

These malicious results then infect the task
context maintained by the agent, potentially leading to command
injection or other harmful behaviors.

While numerous techniques have been proposed to mitigate
the risks associated with tool use, these approaches are unfortunately ineffective when applied to computer-use agents.

For example, Zhang et al. [49] propose instruction-level defenses aimed at
mitigating incorrect outputs generated by LLMs.

However, these
methods often lack robustness against the sophisticated threats
posed by malicious attackers in the context of computer-use agents.

Another line of work (e.g., [45]) explores sandboxing and isolation
strategies.

Unfortunately, computer-use agents typically possess
broad access to and control over most tools on a user’s system, violating the core assumptions underlying these techniques.

Finally,
security-enhanced agent architectures [19] are also inadequate for
computer-use agents.

Re-architecting or hardening individual components of these agents is impractical, given the diversity and rapid
proliferation of such agents in real-world deployments.

To address the aforementioned issues, we propose AgentSentinel,
an end-to-end, real-time security defense framework for computeruse agent systems.

AgentSentinel passively traces each tool invocation by dynamically collecting relevant system events.

When
a sensitive operation is detected, it is suspended, and detailed in-
formation is presented to a security auditor, who then determines
the appropriate enforcement actions.

It is worth noting that our
approach addresses all threats at the endpoint, regardless of the specific vulnerabilities exploited within the computer-use agent.

This
design minimizes interference from tool behavior on the agent’s
execution.

AgentSentinel comprises four core components.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块描述了安全审计模块、任务上下文感知的审计器（包含规则和LLM组件）以及缓存优化机制，直接对应参考事实中的核心架构组件。
Once a process is suspended, a
security audit module analyzes the corresponding operation, taking
into account the task context and associated event traces.

If the
operation is deemed safe, the process is resumed; otherwise, it is
terminated to prevent further harm.

The agent client is notified via
a security alert if a tool failure is detected.

Finally, we propose a novel task-context-aware security audit
component designed to detect potential risks within the computeruse agent.

The security auditor comprises two complementary
components: a rule-based auditor that enforces predefined security
policies, and an LLM-based auditor that leverages the reasoning
capabilities of large language models to assess complex scenarios.

To enhance the efficiency and responsiveness of the LLM-based
auditor, we propose a Query-Per-Second (QPS) optimizer that regulates audit latency and ensures minimal disruption to normal task
execution.

Furthermore, we implement a security query cache that
classifies previously verified operations into three hierarchical categories: universally safe, task-specific safe, and safe-for-next-time.

This caching mechanism effectively reduces redundant queries and
auditing overhead by pruning unnecessary event traces and reusing
prior verification results.

Our contributions are summarized as follows.
• We propose AgentSentinel1, a novel end-to-end, real-time
security defense framework for computer-use agents.

To
the best of our knowledge, this is the first, end-to-end and
real-time defense framework for computer-use agents.
• We present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across seven attack types, which
demonstrates an average attack success rate of 87% on four
state-of-the-art LLMs.
• Our evaluation results show that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming all baseline defenses.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块提供形式化定义，但未直接说明AgentSentinel的实际防御机制或架构，与参考事实不直接相关。
The function Tint denotes
how the agent performs actions and updates the task context, while
the function Text denotes how actions affect the external environment.

Finally, we define the state transformer of each iteration of
the agent loop as a composite function T : C × O →C × O
T (𝑐,𝑜) = [Tint(𝑎,𝑐), Text(𝑎,𝑜)]
(1)
where 𝑎= TLLM(𝑐).

We also consider the security threat defense mechanism for
computer-use agents as a new composable component within the
agent loop, consisting of three functions:
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
New Tool Use Notification
(1) A function TsecAct : A →A for securing action execution.
(2) A function TsecCtx : A × C →C for securing task context
updates.
(3) A function TsecEff : A × O →O for securing side effect
commits.

We can then define the safe state transformer of each iteration of
the agent loop as a new composite function:
where 𝑎′ = TsecAct(TLLM(𝑐)).

Consequently, a security defense
mechanism must provide concrete definitions for the three securing
functions in Equation 2.

Our Solutions.

In this paper, we define a composable security
threat defense component as (T ′
(1) For any action 𝑎∈A, we have T ′
secAct(𝑎) = 𝑎.

Our defense
mechanism does not directly interfere with agent’s execution
flow to avoid affecting agent capability.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块概述了客户端-服务器架构、监控服务器、系统追踪与执行器以及审计方法，直接对应参考事实中的核心架构描述。
We propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time security de-
fense framework for computer-use agents.

AgentSentinel adopts
a client-server architecture, where a monitoring server provides
protection for the agent operating as a client.

The agent transmits task context changes to the monitoring server, which then
configures a system tracer and enforcer to manage sensitive op-
erations within the agent’s services.

These sensitive operations
are thoroughly checked using an efficient auditing approach.

Our
evaluation demonstrates that AgentSentinel successfully defends
against the majority (79.6%) of attacks across seven types of attacks,
outperforming baseline defense mechanisms.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块报告具体威胁检测任务中的观察结果，未涉及AgentSentinel的防御机制或架构，与参考事实不直接相关。
We report intriguing observations from four representative tasks
in threat detection.

Novel Threats Detection.

The first task is to delete all subdirectories named as subdirname in a given root directory rootdirname.

To accomplish the task, an agent can run a bash command like
“find rootdirname -type d -name subdirname -exec rm
-rf {}”, but AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.5 Sonnet) detects novel
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
security risks outside our designed tests and blocks the command.

Specifically, using find with -exec rm -rf can lead to unintended
deletions if the root directory contains symlinks pointing to critical
system locations.

Though rm does not work on all symlinks, i.e.,
it works only on symlinks that have a trailing slash [39], deleting files without user confirmation is risky by itself.

Following a
security alert on the risky command, we observe that the agent
tries a safer way: it collects all subdirectories to be deleted and,
instead of deleting them all at once, deletes them one by one.

This
demonstrates that AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.5 Sonnet) can detect
a wider range of security risks and apply protective measures ac-
cordingly, suggesting that there is room for improving the coverage
of BadComputerUse to reveal the full capacity of LLM agents.

Evasive Threat Detection.

The second task is to use a specific
tool unknown to the agent to view a temporary file.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块比较基线防御和假阳性率，未描述AgentSentinel如何提供防御或核心架构，与参考事实不直接相关。
This also suggests that as the
model evolves, the effectiveness of our tool will improve correspondingly.

Moreover, we observe that Claude-based computer-use
agents exhibit greater robustness to task failures, often proposing safer alternatives when the initial attempt is unsuccessful (see
further discussion in Section 5.5).

Next, we conduct a detailed analysis of the baseline defenses
across different attack types.

Among all defense techniques, the De-
limiters Defense proves to be the least effective, exhibiting only limited capability against Direct Task Injection attacks and AgentDojo.

Notably, it fails to detect 50% of such attacks across all evaluated
models.

Instruction Prevention and Tool-Use Guard defenses are
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 4: Defenses comparison across different LLM models based computer-use agents
more effective against (direct and indirect) prompt injections, but
less effective against Agent Infrastructure attacks and Hallucination Exploitation.

Among all baselines, Tool-Use Guard achieves the
highest mean DSR with but lags significantly behind AgentSentinel
(-50%), demonstrating that system-level traces are highly valuable
for identifying security threats.

Llama Guard achieves the highest
mean DSR, as it is more effective against explicit prompt injections
and malicious instructions.

False Positive Rate.

AgentSentinel achieves an average false positive rate (FPR) of 10.8%.

Notably, AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.7
Sonnet) reports zero false positives and AgentSentinel (w/ Claude
3.5 Sonnet) reports only one false positive, consistent with the ob-
servation that Claude 3.7 Sonnet is generally stronger than Claude
3.5 Sonnet.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块包含实验设置和评估指标，未涉及AgentSentinel的防御机制或架构，与参考事实不直接相关。
We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

Percentage of tasks where the agent successfully triggers a malicious operation.
↑
DSR
Percentage of tasks where the defender successfully
refuses all malicious operations and accepts all benign
operations.

FPR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly ac-
cepts some malicious operations.
↓
FNR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly re-
fuses some benign operations.
↓
FT
Percentage of failed tasks where the expected attacks
are failed.

AFR
Percentage of successful tasks where the expected at-
tacks are failed.
endlessly, we restricted the number of dialogue rounds for an agent
to process a task to 30.

Evaluation Metrics.

We proposed comprehensive evaluation metrics (see Table 1) to quantify the effectiveness of attacks (ASR), de-
tection defense (DSR, FPR, and FNR), and model’s security policies
(AFR).

In addition, we measure the impact that a defense imposes
on the task capability of computer-use agents (FT).

We also measure the security capability of LLMs as the AFR.

A higher AFR
indicates that an LLM implements a more effective security policy.

Furthermore, for a given task, if a defense mechanism accepts some
malicious operations while rejecting some benign ones and the
first rejected operation is benign, we classify the outcome as a false
positive; otherwise, we consider it a false negative.

**LLM判定汇总**: 4/10 relevant → precision=0.4000

## [4] single_002_en

**Query**: What is Appatch's automated adaptive prompting approach? How does it improve program repair or code generation?

**Reference**:
- Appatch uses automated adaptive prompting with vulnerability-semantics-guided reasoning to patch software vulnerabilities without test inputs.
- It has two phases: semantics-aware scoping to extract vulnerability-relevant code slices, and dynamic adaptive prompting that generates root cause analysis, selects similar exemplars, and produces candidate patches via Chain-of-Thought prompting.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接描述了APPATCH的自动化自适应提示方法，包括漏洞语义推理和自适应提示，与参考事实中的两个阶段相关。
In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

They often also re-son about vulnerable code behaviors, which is essential for
                                                               quire that the code to patch be compilable, which furtherquality patch generation, we introduce vulnerability seman-
                                                                       limits their applicability (e.g., they can not be used before thetics reasoning and adaptive prompting on LLMs and instanti-
                                                                   project becomes complete).ate the methodology as APPATCH, an automated LLM-based
patching system.

Our evaluation of APPATCH on 97 zero-day       DL-based approaches overcome these limitations and have
vulnerabilities and 20 existing vulnerabilities demonstrates its     gained more momentum in recent years [14,18,52].

These
superior performance to both existing prompting methods and     techniques leverage existing vulnerability datasets to train
state-of-the-art non-LLM-based techniques (by up to 28.33%     a DL model that learns known vulnerability-fixing patterns,
in F1 and 182.26% in recall over the best baseline).

Through     hence the ability to repair a given vulnerability.

Despite their
APPATCH, we demonstrate what helps for LLM-based patch-     promises, they need sizable and quality training data with
ing and how, as well as discussing what still lacks and why.       vulnerability labels, which is not widely and diversely avail-
                                                              able [9, 39, 41].

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细介绍了APPATCH的语义感知范围界定和动态自适应提示，解释了如何解决挑战，与参考事实一致。
Yet again, for an arbitrary program to patch,
how to prepare the best exemplars is unknown (Challenge
2).

Third, LLMs are known to suffer from capacity (#tokens)
and context constraints, which makes it difficult to provide
necessary code context in a prompt and analyze sizable code;
yet vulnerabilities are context-sensitive and can be interprocedural, thus patching them often requires accommodating po-
tentially larger code contexts (Challenge 3).

Moreover, LLMs
are commonly subject to hallucination and non-deterministic
responses, whereas stably generating valid and correct patches
is essential for vulnerability patching—bad patching can be
worse than not patching (Challenge 4).

In this paper, we present APPATCH, a novel, automated
Adaptive prompting methodology for LLM-based vulnerability patching.

Given a vulnerable program with a known
vulnerability location, APPATCH first narrows down the scope
of analysis to only the relevant subset of the program via a
step called semantics-aware scoping.

This allows LLMs to
analyze a smaller code snippet that includes all the essential
information necessary for reasoning about the vulnerabilityrelated code behaviors, addressing Challenge 3.

Then, it elicits the LLM to identify the vulnerability’s root cause within
the reduced scope with vulnerability semantics reasoning,
henceforth selecting exemplars that best fit the program on
the fly from a pre-mined exemplar database, an essential step
referred to as dynamic adaptive prompting, which addresses
Challenges 2.

The database is built offline by mining exemplars from known patches.

With the adaptively chosen ex-
emplars, APPATCH forms the patching prompt automatically
to generate multiple candidate patches with LLMs, addressing Challenge 1.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到了基于漏洞语义推理的自动化自适应提示方法，并讨论了其对补丁生成的有效性，与参考事实相关。
APPATCH is also reasonably efficient, taking on average 37.148-50.209 seconds to generate a
patch, and using 5,684-6,802 tokens per patch with the LLMs.

Our results suggest the practical feasibility and merits of
LLM-based vulnerability patching, via a novel methodology
(pivoted by automated adaptive prompting based on vulnerability semantics reasoning) of leveraging LLMs to generate
valid and correct patches.

Through APPATCH, we demonstrated how LLMs can be helped for this challenging task;
also, by examining failure cases, we discuss how/where and
why LLMs may still fall short even with APPATCH.

Q: Complete the following code after the comment:
<first 23 lines of code from Figure 1>
/*Fixed CWE-787 vulnerability*/
śHere is the code completionsś
for (i = 0; i < cnt; i++) {
argv[i] = cp;
if (ch)
ep = Jsi_Strchr(cp, ch);
……
```
state-of-the-art LLM-based approach zero-shot completion.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 主要是论文标题和作者信息，没有描述APPATCH的具体方法或改进，不直接回答查询。
Appatch: Automated Adaptive Prompting 
Large Language Models for Real-World 
Software Vulnerability Patching
Yu Nong, University at Buffalo; Haoran Yang, Washington State University; 
Long Cheng, Clemson University; Hongxin Hu and Haipeng Cai, University at Buffalo
    APPATCH: Automated Adaptive Prompting Large Language Models for
                Real-World Software Vulnerability Patching


           Yu Nong1, Haoran Yang2, Long Cheng3, Hongxin Hu1, and Haipeng Cai1∗
               1University at Buffalo, 2Washington State University, 3Clemson University
       1{yunong,hongxinh,haipengc}@buffalo.edu, 2haoran.yang2@wsu.edu, 3lcheng2@clemson.edu

proaches achieve property-based repair based on access rangeTimely and effective vulnerability patching is essential for
                                                                 analysis hence enforcing given safety properties [24] or usecybersecurity defense, for which various approaches have
                                                                       sanitizers to extract vulnerability-representing constraints forbeen proposed yet still struggle to generate valid and cor-
                                                            symbolic-execution-based repair [20].

More recently, induc-rect patches for real-world vulnerabilities.

In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了LLM提示的挑战，但没有涉及APPATCH的具体方法，不直接相关。
The recent study [37] shows
vulnerabilities before they are exploited [18,55].
                                                                        that LLM can be significantly improved by carefully designed
  In this context, various approaches to automated patch-
                                                        prompting strategies, especially based on chain-of-thought
ing have been proposed [14,18,20,34,43,54], which gener-
                                                     (CoT) [51] reasoning.

Prompting is indeed attractive in that
ally fall in two major categories: those based on code anal-
                                                                                              it does not require (pre-)training or even fine-tuning, which
ysis and those based on deep learning (DL).

Among other
                                                    would not only require sizable labeled datasets but also be




LLMs that may actually hold the promise for effective vulnerability analysis.

Despite a promising direction, vulnerability patching via
prompting LLMs faces several critical challenges as revealed
lately [37,42,52].

First, for automated patching, the prompting would need to be automated too.

Yet it is not known
how to automatically write a prompt to an LLM for vulnerability patching (Challenge 1).

Second, prompting tends to
include exemplars to be effective, especially if it aims to elicit
reasoning on LLMs [51] as CoT does, which is essential
for vulnerability patching—a task relying on code semantics reasoning.

Yet again, for an arbitrary program to patch,
how to prepare the best exemplars is unknown (Challenge
2).

Third, LLMs are known to suffer from capacity (#tokens)
and context constraints, which makes it difficult to provide
necessary code context in a prompt and analyze sizable code;
yet vulnerabilities are context-sensitive and can be interprocedural, thus patching them often requires accommodating po-
tentially larger code contexts (Challenge 3).

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 侧重于性能比较和结果，没有描述APPATCH的方法或改进机制，不直接回答查询。
These
superior performance to both existing prompting methods and     techniques leverage existing vulnerability datasets to train
state-of-the-art non-LLM-based techniques (by up to 28.33%     a DL model that learns known vulnerability-fixing patterns,
in F1 and 182.26% in recall over the best baseline).

Through     hence the ability to repair a given vulnerability.

Despite their
APPATCH, we demonstrate what helps for LLM-based patch-     promises, they need sizable and quality training data with
ing and how, as well as discussing what still lacks and why.       vulnerability labels, which is not widely and diversely avail-
                                                              able [9, 39, 41].

As a result, they do not generalize well to
                                                        unseen code and often stumble on real-world vulnerabili-

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了漏洞语义引导推理和动态自适应提示中的根因分析，与参考事实中的推理和提示方法直接相关。
Then, the
code slice provided to LLMs Vexem only contains the paths
between any of such identified EI subset and any of the vulnerable statements.

This helps LLMs concentrate on the most
essential parts of the program for vulnerability patching.

In this template (as well as the one for dynamic adaptive
prompting’s root cause generation), we leverage vulnerabilitysemantics-guided reasoning, which is described as "Starting
with the external inputs, reason about the vulnerable behavior
step by step until the vulnerability is determined".

Although
this is simple, it significantly helps LLMs analyze the vulnerability root cause comprehensively and effectively.

Figures 5
and 9 show the comparison between the root cause analysis
with and without vulnerability-semantics-guided reasoning.

Without such reasoning, the output misses many details for
the vulnerability causes, which make the analysis inaccurate.

The key insight underlying our automated exemplar generation is that, with the ground-truth patches provided, LLMs
are capable of generating the correct reasoning steps which
are helpful to guide themselves to generate patches given new
samples to patch.

To corroborate this hypothesis, we conduct
a preliminary experiment on the real-world samples from our
collected dataset (see §5.1).

Based on our manual inspection
on the generated exemplars by GPT-4, 92.98% of the reasoning are correct, indicating that using LLMs to automatically
generate exemplars is effective.

These exemplars compose
the quality exemplar pool for the dynamic adaptive prompting
step (Step 2.2) to select exemplars from.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 列出了APPATCH的四个关键设计元素，包括语义感知范围界定、漏洞语义推理、自动示例挖掘和动态自适应提示，完整描述了方法。
Therefore, we introduce APPATCH,
an automated framework that adaptively prompts LLMs for
vulnerability patching with semantics reasoning guidance.

We
introduce four key design elements in APPATCH:
1.

To help LLMs concentrate on the most essential parts
of a program for vulnerability patching, we introduce
semantics-aware scoping, which only provides LLMs
with code entities that capture the core vulnerable behavior of the program (noted as vulnerability semantics).
2.

To guide LLMs to analyze and patch vulnerabilities correctly, we arm them with vulnerability semantics reasoning capabilities via CoT prompting [51] that demonstrates correct reasoning steps with a few exemplars.
3.

Considering the diversity of vulnerability root causes
and patching strategies, a large-scale exemplar pool is
needed.

However, manually writing the reasoning steps
for the exemplars is time-consuming.

Thus, we design
an automated exemplar mining module which generates
exemplars based on existing real-world samples.
4.

To provide the best-fit exemplars for a given testing sample (i.e., code to patch), we design dynamic adaptive
prompting which automatically picks exemplars based
on the vulnerability root causes of the testing sample.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 概述了APPATCH的两个阶段和动态自适应提示流程，与参考事实中的阶段描述一致。
Vulnerable Statements
Semantics-aware scoping
Phase 2: LLM-Guided Causal Patching
Figure 4: An overview of APPATCH’s design, including its inputs, two main working phases, and outputs.

Next, in Phase 2: LLM-Guided Causal Patching, the
given program to patch is also scoped into vulnerability se-
mantics (2.1).

Then, through dynamic adaptive prompting
(2.2), APPATCH analyzes the root cause of the given vulnerability with an LLM and selects similar exemplars based on
the root cause.

With the chosen exemplars, candidate patches
are generated via CoT prompting on the LLM.

Finally, the
generated patches are validated and refined through multiple
LLMs through a multi-faceted patch validation (2.3) process.

As a result, the validated patches are returned as the outputs of APPATCH.

Note that while both phases rely on LLMs
for automated root cause and fixing strategy identification
using the vulnerability semantics reasoning, Phase 1 additionally feeds the ground-truth patches to the models, This
addition is essential because it is expected to help LLMs generate root cause and fixing strategy that are more likely correct
than otherwise hence serving the demonstrating (exemplar)
purposes to elicit LLMs’ similar reasoning at patching time.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了APPATCH的优势，如语义感知范围界定帮助数据流分析，动态提示基于测试样本，解释了如何改进补丁生成。
We notice that in APPATCH with
semantics-aware scoping, GPT-4 is able to capture more data
flow information for variables p, cnt, and dStr, while the
GPT-4 with standard prompting and zero-shot code completion only analyze and patch the code based on the vulnerable
line itself.

This indicates that semantics-aware scoping helps
LLMs better work on the data dependency analysis, which is
important for effective vulnerability patching.

The second advantage of APPATCH is that it prompts dy-
namically based on the testing samples rather than using random or fixed prompts.

This allows LLMs to leverage a large
amount of existing real-world vulnerability data with fewshot learning, while avoiding LLM fine-tuning which incurs
high costs of time and money.

Because of the token limitation
and the disadvantage of LLMs for long-text process, it is not
feasible to input all the exemplars for few-shot learning.

In
contrast, the dynamic adaptive prompting with CoT guides
LLMs to analyze the vulnerabilities in depth rather than analyzing them superficially.

As Figures 2, 3 and 7 show, GPT-4
with APPATCH conducts in-depth analysis for the root cause
of the vulnerability, while GPT-4 with standard prompting
                                           We consider two integration scenarios for a comprehensive
Table 6: Accuracy of CodeQL detection, localization, classifi-
                                                                  evaluation.

The first is a fully automated workflow in which
cation, and the three combined against the Zero-Day dataset
                                                          both information from the upstream tools is directly fed to
      Scenario                        Detection                                     Localization                                                       Classification                                                     Combined
       Fully Automated                       87.62%                                    59.79%                                                 69.07%                                                            55.67%        APPATCH as its inputs without human intervention.

**LLM判定汇总**: 7/10 relevant → precision=0.7000

## [5] single_003_en

**Query**: How does CodeLLM-Devkit contextualize code LLMs? What framework components does it provide for improving code intelligence tasks?

**Reference**:
- CodeLLM-Devkit (CLDK) is an open-source Python library that simplifies program analysis across multiple programming languages to provide rich context to code LLMs.
- It offers a unified interface abstracting the complexities of static analysis tools, with modular components for program analysis, language-specific schemas, prompting, and retrieval augmentation.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接描述了CLDK作为开源库简化程序分析，为代码LLM提供丰富上下文，与参考事实第一句相符。
To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

With this library, developers can effortlessly integrate detailed,
code-specific insights that enhance the operational efficiency and
effectiveness of LLMs in coding tasks.

CLDK is available as an
open-source library at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提到CLDK提供丰富上下文信息以增强代码LLM任务，与参考事实中提供上下文相关。
We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

Java )
# The user only needs to change the
# language, the APIs defined below will
# remain the same.
# For languages (like go) which don't
# have classes, it's corresponding
# equivalent (struct) will be returned.
classes = analysis.get_classes()
.query("(((impl_item) @impl))")
user only changes the language parameter
and challenges that they face while using various program
analysis and prompting tools.

We also studied how CLDK can
help ease their code LLM journey.
◦Evaluation and case studies.

We evaluate the effectiveness
of CLDK through real-world case studies and experiments that
showcase its impact on improving the performance of code
LLMs in real-world scenarios and improving research and
developer productivity.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了CLDK的模块化结构，包括程序分析、语言模式、提示和检索，与参考事实第二句的组件描述一致。
In this section, we discuss the design principles underpinning CLDK (codellm-devkit).

CLDK adopts a modular
structure, where each module has a clearly defined functional
responsibility such as analysis of programs, a schematic definition for each language, mechanisms to incorporate prompting
and retrieval.

The primary design objective of CLDK is to ensure: 1) Clean
separation of concerns; 2) The ability to independently update
and/or add extensions to each module; and 3) Enhanced ability
Compiler fuzzing
Program merge conflicts repair
been an integral part.

Fig. 7: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
based on manual investigation of academic works.
to test each module independently.

Fig. 8 provides an overview
of how CLDK operates and will be explained in the remainder
of this section.

A.

Architectural Overview
In this section, we provide a detailed description of the core
components of CLDK outlining their expected behavior and
illustrating how they function together.
1) CLDK core: This module serves as an entrypoint to
codellm-devkit.

It provides the interface for interacting
with the underlying functionalities.

This module offers all the
encapsulation necessary to configure CLDK, customize various
options based on the programming languages, and to run
analyses.

A typical usage of CLDK involves instantiation with
a target programming language.

Next, we create an analysis
object configured with language specific options to then invoke
specific functions for analysis or processing as needed.

An
example usage for a Java project is shown in Listing 1
1 cldk = CLDK(language="java")
2 j_analysis: JavaAnalysis = cldk.analysis(
# Other optional analysis options.

Listing 1: A sample instantiation of CLDK for Java.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 内容为开发者调查结果，未涉及CLDK的上下文或组件，与参考事实无关。
Nearly all
participants noted that they use Python to develop LLM-based
solutions, while one participant mentioned using TypeScript,
primarily due to having to build plugins for VS Code.
• The target language for LLM development (B4).

Most
code LLM use cases, according to our participants, were
focused on Java followed closely by Python, Go, and
Javascript/Typescript.

Some participants also used LLMs for
legacy languages such as COBOL and PL1.

The overall
distribution is shown in Fig. 5.

Fig. 5: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
at IBM.
• Use of program analysis (B5).

All but two participants (R1
and E2) agreed that that they use program analysis in their
code LLM pipeline.

Of the two exceptions, R1 answered that
their use case is surrounding taking LLM output off-the-shelf
whereas E1 works on building an evaluation pipeline for code
LLM (which does not warrant additional program analysis).
• Program analysis tool use (B6).

Of the participants that
answered affirmatively to the above, more than 60% of them
TABLE II: Developer survey questions.

A1.

What is your job title?

Open-ended
Role and Experience
A2.

How many years of software engineering experience do you have?

Numeric
B1.

How would you rate your experience with Code LLMs ?

MCQ
B2.

What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 论文摘要介绍CLDK作为解决程序分析挑战的库，与参考事实第一句相符。
Codellm-Devkit: A Framework for Contextualizing
Code LLMs with Program Analysis Insights
Rahul Krishna∗†1, Rangeet Pan∗†2, Raju Pavuluri3†, Srikanth Tamilselvam4‡, Maja Vukovic5†, and Saurabh Sinha6†
†IBM Research, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA.
‡IBM Research, Bangalore, KA 560045, India.

Abstract—Large Language Models for Code (or code LLMs)
are increasingly gaining popularity and capabilities, offering a
wide array of functionalities such as code completion, code generation, code summarization, test generation, code translation, and
more.

To leverage code LLMs to their full potential, developers
must provide code-specific contextual information to the models.

These are typically derived and distilled using program analysis
tools.

However, there exists a significant gap—these static analysis
tools are often language-specific and come with a steep learning
curve, making their effective use challenging.

These tools are
tailored to specific program languages, requiring developers to
learn and manage multiple tools to cover various aspects of the
their code base.

Moreover, the complexity of configuring and
integrating these tools into the existing development environments
add an additional layer of difficulty.

This challenge limits the
potential benefits that could be gained from more widespread
and effective use of static analysis in conjunction with LLMs.

To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅列出调查问题，未涉及CLDK本身，与参考事实无关。
What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

On average, how much time do you spend on prototyping and building your Code
LLM use cases?

B8.

What fraction of the time do you typically spend obtaining program analysis insights
for your projects?

C1.

What are the pros/cons of the tool(s) used?

Please explain.

Open-ended
C2.

What features or capabilities do you find missing in current program analysis tools?

Open-ended
C3.

How effective are your current tools when working with new programming languages
C4.

How would you rate the learning curve of your program analysis tools when applied
to new languages or applications?

C5.

Do you feel there is a need for better or easier-to-use program analysis tool for LLM
applications?

Please explain.

D1.

Do you use any prompting tool?

If yes, which tools and what are the ideal features
you would look for.

Prompting and RAG
D2.

Do you use any tool for RAG?

If yes, use any tool and what are the ideal features
you would look for.
have used various open-source tools like Tree-sitter, WALA,
JavaParser [16], Soot [17], LSP, etc,.

The remaining participants used/constructed in-house tools.
• Time to prototyping vs time to productionizing (B7).

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述CLDK提供统一接口、简化多语言程序分析，与参考事实中抽象复杂性和统一接口相符。
Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

By supporting multiple programming languages
and offering easy integration capabilities, CLDK enables de-
velopers to effortlessly extract rich program analysis context
and supply it to code LLMs.

By lowering the barrier to
performing comprehensive program analysis, CLDK aims to
empower developers to harness the full potential of code LLMs
without the overhead of mastering multiple tools or dealing
with complex integrations.

We conjecture that CLDK will contribute significantly to the software engineering community by
facilitating more efficient and effective development practices.

Our contributions in this paper are as follows:
◦Development of CLDK.

We introduce CLDK, detailing its
architecture, features, and how it addresses the identified
challenges by providing a unified and simplified approach to
program analysis.
◦Integration with LLMs.

We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论LLM和程序分析工具挑战，但未具体提及CLDK，与参考事实无关。
The advent of Large Language Models (LLMs) has accelerated the use of insightful artificial intelligence in software
development workflows.

This has enabled a wide array of
capabilities such as code completion [1], [2], generation [3]–
[5], summarization [6]–[8], test generation [9], [10], program
repair [11], [12], refactoring [12], and translation [13].

These
language models have the potential to improve developer productivity and code quality significantly by automating routine
tasks and providing intelligent insights.

To fully leverage the capabilities of LLMs for software
engineering (SE) tasks, it is critical to provide them with
rich, code-specific contextual information, which can be de-
rived from program analysis tools that perform static and/or
dynamic analysis on the codebases.

These analysis tools can
∗Equal Contribution
Email: {1rkrsn, 2 rangeet.pan}@ibm.com, {3pavuluri, 5maja, 6sinhas}@us.ibm.com,
* each tool is implemented 
    in a different language
software systems.
identify code patterns, dependencies, and potential issues that,
when supplied to code LLMs, can enhance their contextual
understanding of large codebases (beyond what was seen in
their pre-training dataset) thereby impacting their overall performance, accuracy, and, as a consequence, their usefulness.

Applying program analysis tools in the context of LLMs,
however, presents several challenges: (1) most existing static
analysis tools are highly specialized for individual programming languages, each with their own expressive capabilities
and idiosyncrasies, and further (2) existing tools like WALA
(for Java), LLVM (for Rust, and other C-family of languages),
and CodeQL each adopt distinct internal representations, ab-
straction levels, and querying mechanisms making it hard
to generalize across language families.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 继续讨论程序分析工具挑战，未涉及CLDK，与参考事实无关。
Applying program analysis tools in the context of LLMs,
however, presents several challenges: (1) most existing static
analysis tools are highly specialized for individual programming languages, each with their own expressive capabilities
and idiosyncrasies, and further (2) existing tools like WALA
(for Java), LLVM (for Rust, and other C-family of languages),
and CodeQL each adopt distinct internal representations, ab-
straction levels, and querying mechanisms making it hard
to generalize across language families.

As a result, enabling
program analysis across multiple languages within a project
introduces a number of unique challenges that arise not merely
query = f"""import java
with open(f"codeql.ql", "w") as f:
result = subprocess.run (f'codeql query
for cls in str(result.stdout. strip() )
.split('\\n')[2:]]
for similar abstractions in several languages
subprocess calls, and string split/strip to ob-
tain an output.
due to the diversity of languages, but also because of the differences in how these analysis tools model the code structure,
the inherent semantic relationships, and their behavior.

For developers, this means grappling with different APIs,
data formats, and tooling conventions.

The complexity arises
from having to understand the specific design choices un-
derpinning each tool—ranging from abstract syntax trees
to intermediate representations and proprietary query languages—rather than simply managing tools for multiple languages.

Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 简短描述CLDK作为开源库简化多语言分析，提供直观接口，与参考事实第一句相符。
Code LLMs are used for tasks like code completion,
generation, and test creation, but their effectiveness depends
on providing rich, code-specific context—often derived from
static analysis tools.

These tools present challenges due to their
steep learning curve and integration complexities, limiting
their widespread use.

To address this, we built CLDK as an
open-source library that simplifies program analysis across
multiple languages and frameworks to better contextualize
Code LLM interaction.

CLDK achieves this by providing an
intuitive interface for developers to harness the full potential
of LLMs more easily.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [6] single_004_en

**Query**: How does BTD recover DNN model specifications from compiled x86 executables? What techniques does it use and what are the key evaluation results?

**Reference**:
- BTD is a decompiler that recovers full DNN model specifications including operator types, dimensions, parameters, and network topology from x86 executables.
- BTD uses execution trace-based analysis with symbolic execution over tainted x86 instructions, and neural-assisted opcode classification using BPE and LSTM.
- BTD successfully recovers correct model specifications on 59 of 65 DNN executables compiled by TVM and Glow.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块提到了BTD在65个DNN可执行文件中的59个上成功恢复了正确的模型规格，与参考事实中的评估结果直接相关。
In this section, we evaluate BTD by exploring the following
four research questions (RQs) below:
RQ1 (Comprehensiveness and Correctness): Is BTD comprehensive and correct to process all operators used in common DL models compiled with different compilers and optimization options?

RQ2 (Robustness): Is BTD robust to survive frequent DL
compiler implementation changes?

RQ3 (Extensibility): Can BTD be easily extended to support
new operators and models?

What efforts are needed?

RQ4 (Error Fixing): How does BTD handle decompilation
errors?

We evaluated BTD with seven real-world CV models and
an NLP model compiled with eight versions of compilers
to provide a comprehensive evaluation.

BTD can produce
correct model speciﬁcations on 59 of 65 DNN executables,
and experienced users can quickly ﬁx 3 of 6 remaining errors.

Nevertheless, we recognize that some errors cannot be easily
ﬁxed by normal users.

In the evaluation, we only use ground
truths to verify the correctness of decompilation results.

BTD
is designed to cope with real-world settings and does not rely
on any ground truth.

Setup and results are below.

Compilers.

Table 1 lists compilers we used.

We select eight
versions of three state-of-the-art DL compilers.

Glow does
not have a release yet, so we use three versions that are at
least six months apart.

Glow and NNFusion only generate
fully-optimized executables, but TVM can be conﬁgured to
use different optimization levels.

Therefore, we use TVM
with no and full optimizations to build two sets of executables, while using Glow and NNFusion with default settings.

All models are compiled into 64-bit x86 executables.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要讨论重新编译的验证方法，未直接涉及BTD恢复DNN模型规格的技术或评估结果。
Recompilation re-
quires a fully ﬂedged decompilation, with the end results
again being a functional executable exhibiting identical be-
havior with the reference.

This demonstrates the feasibility
of DNN model reuse, migration, and patching.

To do so, we
re-implement DNN models in PyTorch using recovered DNN
models, then export models as ONNX ﬁles and compiled into
DNN executables using the same compilation provenance.

It is not desirable to directly compare the recovered highlevel model speciﬁcations with the reference model’s speciﬁ-
cations: compilation and optimization inevitably change DNN
model representation (e.g., fusing operators).

Thereby inconsistency of two high-level speciﬁcations does not necessarily
indicate a difference in model outputs.

Instead, We compare
recompiled and reference executables directly.

Speciﬁcally,
we compare the predicted labels and conﬁdence scores yielded
by recompiled and reference executables over every input
from validation dataset.

Two executables are deemed identical if labels and conﬁdence scores are exactly identical or
with only negligible ﬂoating-point precision loss.

For image
classiﬁcation models, we randomly select 100 images from
100 different categories in ImageNet [27] to form a validation
dataset.

For FastText, we randomly crafted 50 inputs.

Table 5 reports the results (only including ResNet18 as its
recompilation has defects).

All recompiled models manifest
identical behavior with references over all inputs in the validation dataset except ResNet.

Errors in ResNet (TVM -O0) can
be ﬁxed automatically with error ﬁxing rules (see Sec. 7.4),
and we mark “100% (with ﬁxing)”.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块描述了BTD使用神经辅助操作码分类（BPE和LSTM）的技术，与参考事实中的技术细节相关。
As introduced in Sec. 2, one or a few fused DNN operators are
compiled into an assembly function.

We train a neural model
to map assembly functions to DNN operators.

Recent works
perform representation learning by treating x86 opcodes as
natural language tokens [28,29,59,81,108].

These works help
comprehend x86 assembly code and assist downstream tasks
like matching similar code.

Instead of deﬁning explicit patterns over x86 opcodes to infer DNN operators (which could
be tedious and need manual efforts), we use representation
learning and treat x86 opcodes as language tokens.

Atomic OPs.

Launching representation learning directly over
x86 opcodes syntax can result in poor learning quality.

Due to
x86 instructions’ ﬂexibility, opcodes with (nearly) identical
semantics may have distinct syntactic forms, e.g., vmulps and
mulps denoting multiply over ﬂoating numbers of different
sizes.

Rare words machine translation [88] are recently ad-
vanced from the observation that natural language words can
be divided into atomic units.

Translators can use atomic units
to translate rare words.

Accordingly, we deﬁne atomic OPs
over x86 opcodes: an atomic OP represents an atomic and in-
divisible unit of an x86 opcode.

Each opcode is thus split into
atomic OPs.

While a DNN operator could be compiled into
various x86 opcode sequences, induced atomic OP sequences
can better reﬂect “semantics” in a noisy-resilient way.

Dividing Opcodes into Atomic OPs.

As a common ap-
proach, we segment opcodes using Byte Pair Encoding
(BPE) [35].

BPE iteratively replaces the most frequent consecutive bytes in a sequence with a single, unused byte.

--- Chunk #3 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块主要讨论重新编译的可行性，未直接涉及BTD的核心技术或评估结果。
See full results in Table 11.
(2020, 2021, 2022) (v0.7, v0.8, v0.9.dev) (v0.7, v0.8, v0.9.dev)
Overall, BTD can determine dimensions of different DNN
operators with negligible errors over all settings.

Four failures
in ResNet18 (TVM -O0) are due to a Conv optimization (see
Sec. 7.1.6), while all dimensions of ResNet18 (TVM -O3) are
correctly recovered.

Besides, despite huge volume of parameters in each model, the results are promising.

BTD failed to
recover about 73K parameters of an optimized Conv operator in ResNet18 (TVM -O3) due to its specially-optimized
memory layout; see root causes in Sec. 7.1.6.
7.1.4 Recompilation
Recompilation is an active ﬁeld in reverse engineering,
though recompiling decompiled C/C++ code is challenging [32,98,99,102].

This section demonstrates the feasibility
of recompiling decompiled DNN models.

Recompilation re-
quires a fully ﬂedged decompilation, with the end results
again being a functional executable exhibiting identical be-
havior with the reference.

This demonstrates the feasibility
of DNN model reuse, migration, and patching.

To do so, we
re-implement DNN models in PyTorch using recovered DNN
models, then export models as ONNX ﬁles and compiled into
DNN executables using the same compilation provenance.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块继续讨论重新编译的细节和错误修复，未直接涉及BTD恢复规格的技术或主要评估结果。
Table 5 reports the results (only including ResNet18 as its
recompilation has defects).

All recompiled models manifest
identical behavior with references over all inputs in the validation dataset except ResNet.

Errors in ResNet (TVM -O0) can
be ﬁxed automatically with error ﬁxing rules (see Sec. 7.4),
and we mark “100% (with ﬁxing)”.

BTD fails to detect an er-
ror in recovering the parameter layout of a Conv in ResNet18
(TVM -O3); we mark it “NA”.

To verify the correctness of
the remaining recovered operators in this model, we manually
ﬁxed this error with ground truth and re-ran the recompilation
study; this model also gets 100% correct outputs, marked as
“NA →100%” in Table 5.

In this case, BTD does not produce the correct and directly usable model speciﬁcation, and
the manual ﬁxing here is merely to prove that all remaining
operators in ResNet18 are correctly decompiled.

We also measure the size and speed of recompiled and reference executables.

We report that no noticeable changes can
be observed comparing recompiled and original executables.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块介绍了BTD作为反编译器，恢复完整的DNN模型规格，包括操作符类型、维度、参数和网络拓扑，与参考事实直接相关。
Decompiling x86 Deep Neural Network Executables
Zhibo Liu, Yuanyuan Yuan, Shuai Wang∗
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
{zliudc,yyuanaq,shuaiw}@cse.ust.hk

Due to their widespread use on heterogeneous hardware
devices, deep learning (DL) models are compiled into executables by DL compilers to fully leverage low-level hardware
primitives.

This approach allows DL computations to be un-
dertaken at low cost across a variety of computing platforms,
including CPUs, GPUs, and various hardware accelerators.

We present BTD (Bin to DNN), a decompiler for deep neural network (DNN) executables.

BTD takes DNN executables
and outputs full model speciﬁcations, including types of DNN
operators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters that
are (nearly) identical to those of the input models.

BTD de-
livers a practical framework to process DNN executables
compiled by different DL compilers and with full optimizations enabled on x86 platforms.

It employs learning-based
techniques to infer DNN operators, dynamic analysis to reveal
network architectures, and symbolic execution to facilitate
inferring dimensions and parameters of DNN operators.

Our evaluation reveals that BTD enables accurate recovery of full speciﬁcations of complex DNNs with millions of
parameters (e.g., ResNet).

The recovered DNN speciﬁcations
can be re-compiled into a new DNN executable exhibiting
identical behavior to the input executable.

We show that BTD
can boost two representative attacks, adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing, against DNN executables.

We also demonstrate cross-architecture legacy code reuse us-
ing BTD, and envision BTD being used for other critical
downstream tasks like DNN security hardening and patching.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块概述了BTD的贡献和评估，但未提供具体技术细节或评估结果，与参考事实关联较弱。
We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

In summary, we
contribute the following:
• This paper, for the ﬁrst time1, advocates for reverse engineering DNN executables.

BTD accepts as input (stripped)
executables generated by production DL compilers and outputs complete model speciﬁcations.

BTD can be used to aid
in the comprehension, migration, hardening, and exploitation of DNN executables.
• BTD features a three-step approach to recovering highlevel DNN models.

It incorporates various design principles
and techniques to deliver an effective pipeline.
• We evaluate BTD against executables compiled from largescale DNN models using production DL compilers.

BTD
achieves high accuracy in recovering (nearly) full speciﬁca-
tions of complex DNN models.

We also demonstrate how
common attacks are boosted by BTD.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论反汇编和函数恢复以及编译来源，未直接涉及BTD的核心技术或评估结果。
We further discuss
the extensibility of BTD in Sec. 7.3.

Disassembling and Function Recovery.

BTD targets 64-bit
x86 executables.

Cross-platform support is discussed in Sec. 8.

ReLU; Sigmod; … Add; Sub; Negative; Sqrt; …
BiasAdd; Multiply; Divide; BN;
(b) Four types of operators.

BTD supports stripped executables without symbol or debug
information.

We assume that DNN executables can be ﬁrst
ﬂawlessly disassembled with assembly functions recovered.

According to our observation, obstacles that can undermine
disassembly and function recovery in x86 executables, e.g., in-
struction overlapping and embedded data [32], are not found
in even highly-optimized DNN executables.

We use a commercial decompiler, IDA-Pro [41] (ver. 7.5), to maximize
conﬁdence in the credibility of our results.

Compilation Provenance.

Given a DNN executable e, compilation provenance include: 1) which DL compiler is used,
and 2) whether e is compiled with full optimization -O3 or no
optimization -O0.

Since some DNN operators (e.g., type IV in
Fig. 3(b)) in e are highly optimized when compiled, the compilation provenance can be inferred automatically by analyzing
patterns over sequences of x86 instructions derived from e.

We extend our learning-based method from Sec. 4.1 to predict
compilation provenance from assembly code.

Our evaluation
of over all CV models in ONNX Zoo ﬁnds no errors.

Overall,
we assume that compilation provenance is known to BTD.

Therefore, some patterns can be designed separately for Glowand TVM-emitted executables; see details in Appendix C.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块提到BTD在65个DNN可执行文件上进行了评估，并恢复了超过1亿个参数，错误率低于0.1%，与参考事实中的评估结果相关。
Decompiling ex-
ecutables on other architectures requires vendor support for
reverse engineering toolchains ﬁrst.

We also ﬁnd that DNN
“executables” on some other architectures are not in standalone executable formats.

See the last paragraph of Sec. 2
for the signiﬁcance of decompiling x86 DNN executables,
and see Sec. 8 for discussions on cross-platform support.

BTD was evaluated by decompiling 64-bit x86 executables
emitted by eight versions of three production DL compilers, TVM [22], Glow [85], NNFusion [64], which are de-
veloped by Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft, respectively.

These compilers enable full optimizations during our evaluation.

BTD is scalable to recover DNN models from 65
DNN executables, including nearly 3 million instructions, in
60 hours with negligible errors.

BTD, in particular, can re-
cover over 100 million parameters from VGG, a large DNN
model, with an error rate of less than 0.1% (for TVM-emitted
executable) or none (for Glow-emitted executable).

Moreover, to demonstrate BTD’s correctness, we rebuild decompiled model speciﬁcations with PyTorch.

The results show
that almost all decompiled DNN models can be recompiled
into new executables that behave identically to the reference
executables.

We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DL编译器的意义和BTD的设计目标，未直接涉及具体技术或评估结果。
For completeness, we demonstrate decompiling
NNFusion-emitted executables in Sec. 4.4.

Real-World Signiﬁcance of DL Compilers.

DL compilers
offer systematic optimization to improve DNN model adoption.

Though many DNN models to date are deployed us-
ing DL frameworks like Tensorﬂow, DL compilers cannot
be disregarded as a growing trend.

Edge devices and lowpower processors suppliers are incorporating DL compilers
into their applications to reap the beneﬁts of DNN models [48,74,75,83].

Cloud service providers like Amazon and
Google include DL compilers into their DL services to boost
performance [14,101].

Amazon uses DL compilers to compile
DNN models on Intel x86 CPUs [49,61].

Facebook deploys
Glow-compiled DNN models on Intel CPUs [69].

Overall, DL
compilers are increasingly vital to boost DL on Intel CPUs,
embedded devices, and other heterogeneous hardware backends.

We design BTD, a decompiler for Intel x86 DNN executables.

We show how BTD can accelerate common DNN
attacks (Appendix D) and migrate DNN executables to GPUs
(Sec. 8).

Sec. 8 explains why BTD does not decompile ex-
ecutables on GPUs/accelerators.

GPU/accelerator platforms
lack disassemblers/dynamic instrumentation infrastructures,
and the DL compiler support for GPU platforms is immature
(e.g., cannot generate standalone executables).

**LLM判定汇总**: 4/10 relevant → precision=0.4000

## [7] single_005_en

**Query**: What are the main categories and taxonomy of pitfalls when using LLMs for code intelligence, according to the Pitfalls survey?

**Reference**:
- The Pitfalls survey provides a taxonomy of common failure modes when applying LLMs to code intelligence tasks, organized into four key aspects of the LM4Code lifecycle.
- The four categories are: data collection and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.
- Specific pitfalls include data snooping, spurious correlations, inappropriate model design, inappropriate evaluation datasets, and overfitting.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论了数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱，包括不平衡分布、数据噪声和标注错误，与参考事实中的'数据收集和标注'类别直接相关。
The data-hungry language models require large-scale and high-quality training datasets.

According to a survey
by Hou et al. [54], the majority of LMs for code intelligence are trained using data from open-source platforms,
with GitHub and StackOverflow being the most popular options.

However, the data in these platforms are
user-contributed, varying significantly in the level of quality and reliability.

It leads to non-negligible noises,
bias, and errors in the training dataset and further affects the behavior of the models, which brings significant
pitfalls in LMs for code intelligence.

In this section, we provide a brief description of related studies and discuss
the implications and potential solutions during the data collection and labeling stages.
3.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
From the collected papers, we identified 22 research studies focusing on pitfalls during the data collection and
labeling process.

Table 2 presents the statistics of literature on this topic, where the pitfalls can be grouped into
three main categories.

Unbalanced Distribution: Unbalanced distribution arises when there is a lack of proper randomization in
the selection of samples, leading to certain populations being underrepresented or overrepresented [135].

In
code-related scenarios, it usually refers to the gap between the sample distribution of real-world practices and
training datasets.

For example, as emphasized by [15, 144, 182], vulnerable instances in vulnerability detection
studies are overwhelming while neutral code instances in real-world environments considerably outnumber their
vulnerable counterparts.

This imbalance extends to other code-based tasks.

In software defect prediction, where
defective modules are scarce compared with non-defective cases in real-world environments [81, 189].

Similarly,
bug report classification suffers from underrepresentation of the minority bug class [81].

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论了系统设计和学习阶段的陷阱，包括数据窥探、虚假相关性和不适当的模型设计，与参考事实中的'系统设计和学习'类别及具体陷阱直接相关。
Regularization, such as dropout or L2 regularization, helps in
preventing overfitting, while fine-tuning allows pre-trained models, like CodeBERT, to adapt to specific dataset
nuances, as demonstrated by Fang et al. [33].

By integrating these strategies, models can be better positioned to
achieve superior outcomes.

Summary - System Design and Learning
In this study, we uncover 43 research studies related to pitfalls in system design and learning.

These pitfalls
can be categorized into three main categories: data snooping, spurious correlations, and inappropriate model
design, leading to overestimated performance and compromised efficacy of LM4Code Systems.

Proposed
solutions encompass refined data handling, model explainability, and optimization strategies like architecture
adjustments, ensembling, and regularization.

For SE tasks specifically, selecting an appropriate model is crucial,
necessitating consideration of domain knowledge specific to particular code types, the complexity of the
coding task, and model input limitation.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
across time (Section 5)

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论了性能评估中的可重复性问题，与参考事实中的'性能评估'类别相关。
The reproducibility of research findings through independent verification is a fundamental requirement of the
scientific process that allows reported improvements to be validated and incrementally built upon [60].

However,
our analysis reveals that performance evaluation in LM4Code research may lack sufficient reproducibility.

The proposed approaches frequently bypass consistent evaluation protocols, datasets, and implementation
details, making it difficult for others to replicate the experiments described in the literature and validate their
accuracy [191].

Furthermore, inconsistent performance across different runs or implementations obscures the
reliability of findings, as initial results that appear promising frequently fail to fully replicate in subsequent
studies [191].

This phenomenon indicates that minor variances in experimental conditions, which are rarely
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段概述了LM4Code生命周期的四个阶段（数据收集和标注、系统设计和学习、性能评估、部署和维护），与参考事实中的分类直接对应。
We conducted a qualitative and quantitative synthesis of the collected studies.

We present a taxonomy of the collected studies according to the LM4Code lifecycle, including data
collection and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, deployment, and maintenance.

Our synthesis investigates the pitfalls present in LM4Code, summarizes the implications of these pitfalls,
investigates how these issues are addressed, and outlines future challenges in this field.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
(a) Distribution of papers over years
• Insightful Findings and Recommendations.

In addition to identifying and analyzing pitfalls, we distilled
practical insights and recommendations for researchers and practitioners in the field of LM4Code.

These
findings pave the way for developing more robust and reliable language models tailored for code in-
telligence, mitigating potential challenges and maximizing their utility of such models in real-world
applications.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细讨论了系统设计和学习阶段的陷阱，包括数据窥探、虚假相关性和不适当的模型设计，与参考事实中的相关类别和具体陷阱直接相关。
This section examines pitfalls in the system design and learning process for LM4Code.

The training of these
LM4Code models directly impacts their quality and efficacy for empowering code intelligence.

However, several
challenges arise in crafting optimal model architectures, formulating strategic training-testing approaches,
refining data preprocessing techniques, and selecting suitable learning algorithms.

Each design decision risks
introducing pitfalls that can undermine model robustness and effectiveness.
4.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
We have identified 43 research studies dedicated to the exploration of pitfalls introduced in the system design
and learning process.

These pitfalls can be broadly categorized into three categories: data snooping, spurious
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
correlations, and inappropriate model design.

In the following, we provide comprehensive descriptions of these
three pitfalls.

Data Snooping: Data snooping arises when LMs are inadvertently exposed during training to information that
should be inaccessible.

Such unintentional exposure primarily stems from improper data handling.

A common
source is improper train-test split, where evaluation/testing data leaks into training.

For example, research has
identified instances where training data incorporates bugs or vulnerabilities that closely mirror those encountered
in testing [27, 175].

This concept of overlap is further supported by Liu et al. [88] highlighting the risks associated
with functionality similarities between train and test data.

Another dimension to consider is the origin of the
data.

For instance, as emphasized by Steenhoek et al. [144] and Yang et al. [180], using samples from the same
software projects for both training and testing can influence the models.

Even data structure and representation
choices enable snooping.

Liu et al. [95] and Shi et al. [139] emphasize that pitfalls can emerge from the data
processing processes such as test prefix generation or concurrent use of same-class data.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要介绍研究动机和方法论，未直接涉及参考事实中的具体陷阱类别或内容。
2.1 Research Questions and Motivations
In recent research, language models trained for code intelligence have shown promising performance [54, 165, 191].

However, an increasing number of literature [108, 143, 148] has highlighted the existence of pitfalls in LM4Code
that can skew their realistic performance, leading to either substantial overestimation or underestimation of
their effectiveness.

The aim of conducting this systematic review is to gain an in-depth understanding of the
pitfalls present in language models tailored for code intelligence.

Unlike surveys focusing on general LLMs
or LM4Code [54, 166, 181, 187] that primarily catalog models, tasks, and evaluation metrics, our systematic
review explicitly focuses on identifying and categorizing the pitfalls, solutions, and impacts associated with
LM4Code in practice.

While related research evaluating LM4Code [16, 93, 108, 178] identifies some issues, our
work distinguishes itself in two key ways: (1) we employ a rigorous SLR methodology that systematically
identifies and categorizes pitfalls, and (2) we present a comprehensive taxonomy structured around the entire
LLM lifecycle, from dataset construction to deployment.

This approach enables us to systematically analyze not
only the identified issues but also their corresponding solutions and practical impacts, providing an integrative
perspective that supports both researchers and practitioners in developing more reliable code intelligence systems.

Ensuring the robustness, reliability, and trustworthy deployment of LMs is important for their effective
integration into the software development lifecycle.

Consequently, it is crucial to discern the nature of these
pitfalls, comprehend their implications, and examine existing solutions.

Thus, we aim to answer the following
research questions in this study:
• RQ1: What types of pitfalls are prevalent in language models for code intelligence?

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段是论文的摘要和引言，概述了研究背景和目的，未直接提供参考事实中的具体陷阱信息。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and
Survey
XINYU SHE∗, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YUE LIU∗, Monash University, Australia
YANJIE ZHAO, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YILING HE, Zhejiang University, China
LI LI, Beihang University, China
CHAKKRIT TANTITHAMTHAVORN, Monash University, Australia
ZHAN QIN, Zhejiang University, China
HAOYU WANG†, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China

Modern language models (LMs) have been successfully employed in source code generation and understanding, leading to
a significant increase in research focused on learning-based code intelligence, such as automated bug repair, and test case
generation.

Despite their great potential, language models for code intelligence (LM4Code) are susceptible to potential
pitfalls, which hinder realistic performance and further impact their reliability and applicability in real-world
deployment.

Such challenges drive the need for a comprehensive understanding - not just identifying these issues but delving
into their possible implications and existing solutions to build more reliable language models tailored to code intelligence.

Based on a well-defined systematic research approach, we conducted an extensive literature review to uncover the pitfalls
inherent in LM4Code.

Finally, 121 primary studies from top-tier venues have been identified.

After carefully examining these
studies, we designed a taxonomy of pitfalls in LM4Code research and conducted a systematic study to summarize the issues,
current solutions, implications, and challenges of different pitfalls for LM4Code systems.

We developed a comprehensive
classification scheme that dissects pitfalls across four crucial aspects: data collection and labeling, system design and learning,
performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论了数据收集和标注阶段的解决方案，如数据清洗，与参考事实中的'数据收集和标注'类别相关。
Figure 5 as well as Figure 2 together
reveal that with the emergence and widespread use of sophisticated models such as CodeBERT, CodeLlama and
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
BLEU-4 drops from 31.92% to
14.19%
MRR improves from 0.407 to 0.512
after data cleaning
Training three models with the
BLEU-4 by 27%, 21%, and 24%
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
Figure 4.

Paper distribution about Data Collection and Labeling across time (Section 3)
GPT, the data bias of conventional language models, specifically LSTM and GRU, is gradually fading from the
view of researchers.
3.2 RQ2-Solutions
Recognizing pitfalls in data collection and labeling has emphasized the need for robust solutions to address and
mitigate these issues.

Several solutions have been proposed in the literature that we’ve reviewed.

These solutions
have been organized into distinct categories based on their underlying principles and methodologies.

Data Cleaning/Denoising: Data cleaning/denoising is the process of improving a dataset by removing or
correcting abnormalities, inconsistencies, and inaccuracies.

This phase is critical to ensure that the training data
is accurate and does not contain any misleading or irrelevant information.

Many pitfalls develop as a result of
noisy or erroneous data, and data cleaning is the major method for dealing with such difficulties.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论基准测试和数据集构建，未直接涉及参考事实中的陷阱分类或具体陷阱。
Furthermore, to accommodate the demands of more granular
code analysis tasks and reduce redundancy, contemporary code datasets necessitate slicing at a finer granularity
than the function level.

This is particularly important for tasks such as binary analysis and vulnerability detection.

Consequently, methods for loop-leve and line-level code localization and slicing have been proposedl [137].

Real-world Benchmarks: To precisely evaluate the models, researchers propose to use real-world benchmarks,
instead of train-test-split datasets.

Many benchmarks are thus constructed.

For example, many benchmarks, such
as HumanEval [19], DS-1000 [74], and MBPP [8], are constructed using human-written tasks and test cases to
evaluate the code generation LMs.

Compared with the code snippets in open-source repositories, which can be
difficult to classify by task and slice accurately, such human-written code tasks are closer to the real user requests
in practice, which better reflects the performance of the model.

For instance, Lin et al. [85] use a real-world
dataset composed of human-written programming exercises with multiple solutions.

Similarly, Mozannar et
al. [105, 106] uses user behavior data to demonstrate the effectiveness of their proposed methods.

ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
Figure 6.

Paper distribution about System Design and Learning
across time (Section 4)
Benchmark Augmentation with LLMs: Despite the many challenges associated with LLMs, they remain
highly effective production tools, and we should not dismiss their potential.

Leveraging current large models, we
can generate more comprehensive, task-adaptive datasets.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结了数据收集和标注阶段的三个主要陷阱（不平衡分布、数据噪声、标注错误），与参考事实中的相关类别直接对应。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
Figure 6.

Paper distribution about System Design and Learning
across time (Section 4)
Benchmark Augmentation with LLMs: Despite the many challenges associated with LLMs, they remain
highly effective production tools, and we should not dismiss their potential.

Leveraging current large models, we
can generate more comprehensive, task-adaptive datasets.

For instance, Xia et al.[176] introduced EVOEVAL, a
program synthesis benchmark suite that uses the power of GPT-4 to evolve existing benchmarks into different
target domains, aiming to provide a more thorough evaluation of LLM coding abilities.

They found that, compared
to the high performance on standard benchmarks like HUMANEVAL [19], popular LLMs experienced a significant
performance drop (an average of 39.4%) on EVOEVAL, highlighting the limitations of standard benchmarks and
the effectiveness of their approach.

Additionally, EvalPlus [90] combines emerging LLM-based methods with
traditional mutation-based approaches for test case generation.

It continuously expands inputs using LLM and
applies a greedy set-covering approach for constraint handling, fully harnessing the capabilities of large models.

Summary - Data Collection and Labeling
Based on 22 relevant studies, our literature review reveals three prevalent pitfalls (i.e., unbalanced distribution,
data noise, and labeling errors) in the data collection and labeling process.

These pitfalls propagate, causing
overestimated performance and compromised model efficacy.

Though initial solutions like data cleaning/de-
noising and real-world benchmarks have been proposed, and recent efforts exploring large models for dataset
generation show promise, the field is far from reaching a comprehensive resolution.

**LLM判定汇总**: 7/10 relevant → precision=0.7000

## [8] single_006_en

**Query**: How does FlippedRAG achieve black-box opinion manipulation? What is its attack methodology and what access does it require?

**Reference**:
- FlippedRAG is a black-box adversarial attack that manipulates RAG-generated opinions by training a surrogate retrieval model through querying the target RAG, then generating adversarial triggers to re-rank target documents.
- The attacker only needs query access to the RAG system and the ability to inject a limited number of modified candidate texts into the corpus.
- FlippedRAG targets controversial opinion-based queries rather than factoid questions, and does not require access to the knowledge base, retriever internals, or LLM parameters.

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论研究问题和基线方法，未涉及FlippedRAG的攻击方法或所需访问权限。
RQ1: Does black-box retriever imitation effectively learn about
the internal knowledge of the retriever of RAG?

RQ2: How significant does opinion manipulation of FlippedRAG
influence the response of the LLM in RAG?

RQ3: Does opinion manipulation significantly impact users’
perceptions of controversial topics?

RQ4: Can FlippedRAG breach existing defense mechanisms?
4.4 Baselines
To the best of our knowledge, opinion manipulation in black-box
RAG has not been directly studied.

We therefore use PoisonedRAG
and GARAG as baselines and further include black-box–applicable
attacks targeting either LLMs or retrieval models.

A detailed introduction of the baselines is in Appendix A.2.
(1) Prompt Injection Attack.

Prompt injection attacks constitute a class of adversarial exploits wherein malicious actors strategically insert compromised instructions or corrupted data into the
inputs of LLM-integrated systems, thereby coercing the model’s
outputs to align with predefined adversarial objectives[21].
(2) Disinformation.

It [26] is a methodology for generating
credible-sounding misinformation by leveraging LLMs, employing
the adversarial prompt to induce LLMs to produce context passages
imbued with specific opinions to the controversial topics.
(3) Static Text.

We add static text to some documents that contradict the target opinion (“Experts dispute the above claims as
being unreliable”), inducing the LLM to reinforce the target opinion.

Additionally, we also introduce a stronger baseline by integrating
Disinformation and Static Text.
(4) PAT Transfer-based Attack.

We apply retrieval adversarial
strategy PAT[19] to the surrogate model that has not undergone
black-box imitation and transfer adversarial triggers to the RAG
system, assessing the effectiveness of the black-box imitation.
(5) GARAG.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段展示实验结果和比较，未直接描述FlippedRAG的方法或访问要求。
We focus on “Health”, “Society”, “Government”, “Education” four domains.

FlippedRAG significantly increases the proportion of candidate items with target
opinion in the Top 3 of the retrieval list, guiding the LLM to change
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Zhuo Chen et al.

Figure 4: Overall opinion manipulation effect on Llama-3 with Contriever.

We use color blocks to represent the distribution of
different opinions and polarities corresponding to the generated content.
results across attack baselines on target opinion Pro/Con . "-"
0.40 Disinformation + Static text
0.17 Disinformation + Static text
its opinion in the response.

However, the manipulation effect varies
across different themes.

The detailed discussion is in Appendix B.3.

We conducted a systematic comparative evaluation of FlippedRAG’s manipulation efficacy against established black-box attack
baselines, with the quantitative results comprehensively tabulated
in Table 6.

Entries denoted by ’–’ in the table signify that the specified evaluation metric is inapplicable to the corresponding attack
methodology process.

The comparative experiment results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG demonstrate superior efficacy in the opinion manipulation task, with PoisonedRAG exhibiting marginally
enhanced performance compared to FlippedRAG.

While Prompt In-
jection Attack, Disinformation, Static Text, "Disinformation + Static
text", and PAT transfer-based attack achieve moderate effectiveness
in opinion manipulation, GARAG manifests the most suboptimal
performance within this adversarial task paradigm.

The superior performance of PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG
stems from their targeted optimizations of critical components in
the RAG workflow: retrieval and generation.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了威胁模型（仅需查询访问、注入修改文本）以及FlippedRAG利用黑盒检索器模仿的方法，与参考事实直接对应。
The threat model presented here can be characterized as follows: the adversary can only
query the RAG-like system and does not have access to the complete
knowledge base or corpus, the retriever, or the parameters of the
RAG.

The attacker is only capable of injecting limited adversarially
modified candidate texts into the corpus, while the retriever and
the LLM remain black-boxed, intact, and unmodifiable.

To address aforementioned challenges, in this paper, we propose
FlippedRAG, a black-box attack method, to explore the reliability of RAG in controversial topics and investigate its impact on
user cognition, as shown in Figure 1.

By employing black-box re-
triever imitation [19] for opinion manipulation, we reveal specific
vulnerabilities in RAG-like systems.

Our motivation is based on
the observation in Figure 1.

When we queried ChatGPT (as of
March 2025, with web search enabled, functioning as a typical RAG-like application) on a specific topic and explicitly
instructed it to output the original content of its retrieved
references, it faithfully reproduced the exact text segments
from the retrieved candidates.

The reproduced outputs precisely matched the corresponding content on the web pages
linked in the reference citations and reflect the functionality of relevance matching.

It allow us to designed a retriever
imitation method for black-box RAG to address the limitations of
white-box attacks or heuristic-based attacks against such systems.

Specifically, we utilize carefully designed instructions to obtain
the retrieval results within the RAG model.

Subsequently, based
on the constructed (query, candidate) pairs from retrieval list, we
train a surrogate model using the extracted retrieval data [19, 30]
to approximate and transparentize the relevance preferences of the
retriever in the black-box RAG model.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细说明了攻击过程：优化对比损失、搜索对抗触发器以提升排名，对应攻击方法论。
Subsequently, we insert 𝑝adv into the target document with 𝑆𝑡to
execute the poisoning attack on the RAG corpus. 𝑝adv can elevate
the ranking position of target documents in RAG, allowing their
inclusion in the augmented context provided to the LLM.

Thus, we
can steer the LLM in the RAG system to generate outputs systematically aligned with the target opinion 𝑆𝑡.

We formally define our
attack objective as follows:
I(S(𝐿𝐿𝑀(𝑞, 𝑅𝑀𝑘(𝑞))) = 𝑆𝑡)
(4)
|𝑄|
I(·) is the indicator function whose return value is 1 if the conditions within the parentheses are satisfied; otherwise, the return
value is 0.

To achieve this adversarial objective (4), we should:
1) Optimize contrastive loss (2) during the black-box imitation
phase to derive a surrogate model approximating the ranking preferences of the target retrieval model;
2) Optimize the loss function (3) by searching adversarial triggers that simultaneously enhance relevance rankings and maintain
stealth properties.

These mechanisms collectively maximize the retrieval rank elevation of documents expressing the target opinion, thereby increasing
their proportional presence in the LLM’s context.

This cascading
effect ultimately amplifies the likelihood that RAG-generated re-
sponses align with the target opinion.

The opinion manipulation
procedure is detailed in Phase 2 of Algorithm A.1.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段比较不同基线，解释FlippedRAG有效的原因，但未直接描述其方法或访问要求。
The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

The stronger baseline
integrating Disinformation and Static Text demonstrates improved
ranking relevance and guides LLM output during the generation
phase, consequently achieving superior manipulation efficacy compared to its constituent baselines.

However, due to the absence of
dedicated optimization for retrieval or ranking relevance, its ranking manipulation capability remains constrained.

Consequently,
the overall attack efficacy falls short of both FlippedRAG and PoisonedRAG.

The limited adaptability of GARAG to black-box opinion ma-
nipulation tasks arises from two fundamental constraints.

First, its
methodology, originally designed for closed-domain QA to deviate
RAG systems from factual correctness, exploits a vast generative
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
space where any incorrect output suffices as a successful attack.

In contrast, our opinion manipulation framework strictly confines
LLM outputs to binary stance options (support/oppose), significantly increasing the attack complexity.

Second, our implementation reveals white-box dependencies in GARAG’s genetic algorithm,
which leverages internal retriever and LLM calculated values during
adversarial document optimization.

These architectural dependencies undermine its efficacy in more authentic black-box scenarios.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段概述攻击目标，强调黑盒设置下攻击者只能通过接口交互、修改候选文档，对应访问要求和攻击思路。
3.1 Overview
Our objective is to manipulate the opinions expressed in the re-
sponses generated by black-box RAG models on controversial topics.

We mainly focus on the retrieval component, where manipulated
ranking outcomes propagate to bias the LLM’s output generation.

Zhang et al. [36] attempted to poison context documents to mislead
the LLM into generating incorrect content.

However, this approach
necessitates extensive internal details of the LLM application, rendering it less feasible in real-world scenarios.

In the black-box RAG
context, the attacker lacks access to internal information of the RAG,
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Zhuo Chen et al.

Figure 2: The overview of FlippedRAG for manipulating the opinions of RAG-generated content under black-box setting.
including model architecture and scoring functions, and can only
interact with the inputs and outputs of the RAG.

Specifically, the at-
tacker can only use the interface of the RAG and not directly access
the retriever.

Since the inputs to LLMs are comprised of the user
query and context documents, and the user query is immutable, our
attack strategy focuses on modifying candidate documents within
the corpus.

Although the attacker does not have access to the en-
tire corpus, they can insert adversarially modified candidate texts
into it, as many RAG-like applications source information from the
Internet, where the content is publicly accessible and editable.

The basic framework of RAG comprises two components: the
retriever and the LLM.

These modules are serially connected, with
the retriever sourcing context information from a knowledge base,
upon which the LLM then performs the generation task.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论防御机制下的攻击效果，不涉及FlippedRAG的方法或访问权限。
We
also exclude the evaluation of GARAG for its inefficacy in opinion
manipulation.

The attack effectiveness of FlippedRAG and other baselines
against paraphrasing is presented in Table 10.

Both the baselines
and FlippedRAG exhibit a decline in attack effectiveness when confronted with paraphrasing, yet PoisonedRAG’s and FlippedRAG’s
overall attack performance remains notably significant.

PoisonedRAG demonstrates a less reduction in attack effectiveness under
paraphrasing defense attributed to the direct insertion of queries.
5.4.5 Mitigation Based on Randomized Mask Smoothing.

Randomized smoothing is a defense method aiming at achieving certified
robustness against adversarial examples.

It constructs a smoothed
composite function by introducing random variables to the original
function or the model, enabling the certification of its robustness
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
under certain conditions.

We explore randomized mask smoothing
as a defense mechanism to counteract RAG attacks in Figure 6.

More detail is provided in Appendix B.5.

The experimental results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and
FlippedRAG experience a slight decline in attack effectiveness when
confronted with randomized masking smoothing.

However, since
both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG employ trigger insertion, the
compositions of their adversarial documents are similar after masking operations.

Additionally, because PoisonedRAG inserts the
query itself as the trigger, which enhances retrieval ranking more
effectively, the decline in PoisonedRAG’s attack success and opinion
manipulation success rate is somewhat smaller.

Our findings further reveal that the success rate of RAG attacks
continues to increase when the mask rate ranges from 0% to 30%.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段包含威胁模型描述（仅查询访问、不能访问内部），并强调针对争议性话题，与参考事实相关。
Furthermore,
earlier research has mainly concentrated on factoid question an-
swering tasks, such as questions like “Who is the CEO of OpenAI?”
Those factual queries are less impactful, as RAG systems combined
with fact-checking and value alignment mechanisms in LLMs are
capable of rectifying these errors [29, 31].

Differently, the scenario explored in this paper primarily ad-
dresses controversial and opinion-based inquiries in RAG, such as
“Should abortion be legal?” These questions are open-ended and
require advanced levels of logical reasoning and summarization
capabilities from LLMs.

Current research on controversial topics is
limited.

In scenarios involving controversial topics, opinion manipulation can create “Information Bubbles”, which subsequently lead to
the homogenization of user opinions [34].

In such cases, individuals’
views become easily swayed by the stance of the information they
are exposed to.

Attacks that manipulate opinions on such questions
could potentially inflict deeper harm [10].

Through carefully crafted
input, attackers can influence the orientation of content generated
by RAG models, thus jeopardizing users’ cognitive processes and
decision-making abilities.

This paper primarily investigates adversarial opinion manipulation targeting the retriever in black-box RAG-like systems, which
aligns with realistic and practical scenarios.

The threat model presented here can be characterized as follows: the adversary can only
query the RAG-like system and does not have access to the complete
knowledge base or corpus, the retriever, or the parameters of the
RAG.

The attacker is only capable of injecting limited adversarially
modified candidate texts into the corpus, while the retriever and
the LLM remain black-boxed, intact, and unmodifiable.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述通过替代检索模型生成触发器、修改文档以操纵检索结果，对应攻击方法。
The right part
illustrates the opinion manipulation attack against black-box RAG-like systems.

When queries on controversial topics are
submitted to a benign black-box RAG, it typically retrieves documents reflecting diverse viewpoints and generates neutral,
objective responses.

Conversely, by subtly modifying a minimal number of documents using triggers generated via a surrogate
retrieval model, which imitates the black-box retriever, the manipulated RAG exclusively retrieves documents endorsing a
specific opinion.

This constrains the LLM to generate biased responses and influences users’ opinions.
studies have explored various forms of adversarial manipulation at-
tacks, such as adversarial attack on the retriever [19, 22, 30], prompt
injection attack [2, 15, 20], jailbreak attack for LLM [8, 17, 38], and
poisoning attack targeting the retrieval corpus in RAG [33, 42].

However, previous studies [7, 33, 42] have primarily focused on
attacks against RAG systems, which lack feasibility and have fundamental limitations.

They mostly address white-box scenario or
employ heuristic-based black-box attacks, without thoroughly analyzing the vulnerabilities within the retrieval stage.

Furthermore,
earlier research has mainly concentrated on factoid question an-
swering tasks, such as questions like “Who is the CEO of OpenAI?”
Those factual queries are less impactful, as RAG systems combined
with fact-checking and value alignment mechanisms in LLMs are
capable of rectifying these errors [29, 31].

Differently, the scenario explored in this paper primarily ad-
dresses controversial and opinion-based inquiries in RAG, such as
“Should abortion be legal?” These questions are open-ended and
require advanced levels of logical reasoning and summarization
capabilities from LLMs.

Current research on controversial topics is
limited.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段摘要式说明FlippedRAG方法：逆向工程检索器、训练替代模型、生成触发器，直接对应参考事实。
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial
Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) enriches LLMs by dynamically retrieving external knowledge, reducing hallucinations and
satisfying real-time information needs.

While existing research
mainly targets RAG’s performance and efficiency, emerging studies
highlight critical security concerns.

Yet, current adversarial ap-
proaches remain limited, mostly addressing white-box scenarios
or heuristic black-box attacks without fully investigating vulnerabilities in the retrieval phase.

Additionally, prior works mainly
focus on factoid Q&A tasks, their attacks lack complexity and can
be easily corrected by advanced LLMs.

In this paper, we investigate
a more realistic and critical threat scenario: adversarial attacks in-
tended for opinion manipulation against black-box RAG models,
particularly on controversial topics.

Specifically, we propose FlippedRAG, a transfer-based adversarial attack against black-box RAG-
like systems.

We first demonstrate that the underlying retriever of
a black-box RAG can be reverse-engineered and approximated by
enumerating critical queries, candidates, and answers, enabling us
to train a surrogate retriever.

Leveraging the surrogate retriever,
we further craft target poisoning triggers, altering vary few documents to effectively manipulate both retrieval and subsequent
generation, transferring the attack to the original black-box RAG
model.

Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [9] cross_001_zh

**Query**: 比较 PoisonedRAG 和 Machine Against the RAG：它们各自如何攻击 RAG 系统？威胁模型的关键区别是什么？

**Reference**:
- PoisonedRAG 向知识库注入恶意段落来污染检索结果，需要访问知识库。
- Machine Against the RAG 通过阻塞文档压制相关检索，无需污染知识库。
- PoisonedRAG 需要攻击者访问知识库；Machine Against the RAG 仅需在查询时注入文档。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论攻击者目标和能力，但未明确提及PoisonedRAG或Machine Against the RAG，也未直接比较两者的威胁模型区别。
Attacker’s objective.

The attacker’s goal is to prevent the
RAG system from answering certain queries.

This is a realistic
threat in any RAG system that operates on user-generated
content, such as webpages, social media, customer feedback,
internal reviews, etc.

For example, a business owner may want
to suppress bad reviews from sites like Yelp or Tripadvisor
and prevent them from influencing AI-generated summaries.

Someone with an unsavory record or reputation may want to
suppress answers to queries that would return news articles
or criminal records.

A bad employee may want to suppress
answers to queries about customer complaints.

Preventing a RAG system from answering a query is a
stealthier attack than providing an incorrect answer.

Refusals
are not amenable to fact-checking.

Furthermore, they are not
anomalous because LLMs routinely fail to answer queries,
citing the lack of information or safety risk.

Attacker’s capabilities.

We assume that the attacker can in-
sert and repeatedly edit their own content in the target RAG
system’s database but not remove or modify other documents.

This is a realistic assumption for RAG systems that op-
erate on user-generated content—Web content from sites
like Wikipedia, Reddit forums, social media, review sites,
etc.—and frequently re-index the database to account for
updates and new content.

In many usage scenarios (e.g., customer feedback stored in an enterprise RAG system), the
attacker may not even be able to see other documents that will
be retrieved and processed by RAG.

Therefore, the attacker
cannot suppress the answer by removing or editing documents
that answer the query.

Instead, the attacker’s document needs
to somehow “jam” or block these documents even though
they are retrieved in response to the query and constitute the
majority of the generation context.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击，包括攻击者只能插入一个文档、无法看到其他文档等能力，与参考事实中Machine Against the RAG的威胁模型相关。
In many usage scenarios (e.g., customer feedback stored in an enterprise RAG system), the
attacker may not even be able to see other documents that will
be retrieved and processed by RAG.

Therefore, the attacker
cannot suppress the answer by removing or editing documents
that answer the query.

Instead, the attacker’s document needs
to somehow “jam” or block these documents even though
they are retrieved in response to the query and constitute the
majority of the generation context.

In other attacks on LLM
systems, such as jailbreaking, the attacker controls most of
the LLM input.

This is not the case in jamming attacks.

To keep the attack stealthy and practical, we limit the at-
tacker to a single document.

Consider user-generated reviews
on a site like Yelp, IMDb or Google Maps.

Creating many
fake reviews is detectable (if all originate from new users or
exhibit similar features) and/or avoidable (by only retrieving
unique reviews).

In other scenarios, however, it may be feasible to insert multiple adversarial documents, with or without
the ability to edit them later.

In Section D, we perform a
limited evaluation of an attack involving multiple documents.

We assume that the attacker has black-box, adaptive, external access to the RAG system, i.e., they can interact with it
by repeatedly supplying arbitrary queries and observing the
resulting outputs.

The attacker does not know which LLM
and embedding model are used by the RAG system, nor k,
the number of documents retrieved in response to each query,
nor do they observe log probabilities of LLM outputs.

By
contrast, many existing methods for generating adversarial
documents (see Sections 2 and 6.4) require white-box access
to at least the logit layer of the target LLM.

Our attack assumes knowledge of the exact query used
by the victim.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段继续描述Machine Against the RAG的攻击者能力（黑盒、不知道LLM等），属于其威胁模型的一部分，有助于理解区别。
The attacker does not know which LLM
and embedding model are used by the RAG system, nor k,
the number of documents retrieved in response to each query,
nor do they observe log probabilities of LLM outputs.

By
contrast, many existing methods for generating adversarial
documents (see Sections 2 and 6.4) require white-box access
to at least the logit layer of the target LLM.

Our attack assumes knowledge of the exact query used
by the victim.

This simulates the common case where RAG
usage is predictable, e.g., to fill standardized questionnaires,
or a fixed set of query phrasings is built into the system (this
is a common practice to optimize results).

We explore the
effects of query paraphrasing in Section 8.

We assume that the RAG system’s configuration is static:
the underlying LLM, the system prompt, and the number of
documents retrieved for each query do not change often.

We
leave exploration of more adaptive systems to future work.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了PoisonedRAG的攻击方式（注入恶意文本使LLM生成目标答案），与参考事实中PoisonedRAG的威胁模型直接相关。
We characterize the threat model with respect to the attacker’s
goals, background knowledge, and capabilities.

Attacker’s goals.

Suppose an attacker selects an arbitrary
set of M questions (called target questions), denoted as
Q1,Q2,··· ,QM.

For every target question Qi, the attacker
selects an arbitrary attacker-desired answer Ri (called target
answer) for it.

For instance, the target question Qi could be
“Who is the CEO of OpenAI?” and the target answer Ri could
be “Tim Cook”.

Given the M selected target questions and the
corresponding M target answers, we consider that an attacker
aims to corrupt the knowledge database D such that the LLM
in a RAG system generates the target answer Ri for the target
question Qi, where i = 1,2,··· ,M.

We note that such an attack could cause severe concerns
in the real world.

For instance, an attacker could disseminate
disinformation, mislead an LLM to generate biased answers
on consumer products, and propagate harmful health/ﬁnancial
misinformation.

These threats bring serious safety and ethical
concerns for the deployment of RAG systems for real-world
applications in healthcare, ﬁnance, legal consulting, etc.

Attacker’s background knowledge and capabilities.

There
are three components in a RAG system: database, retriever,
and LLM.

We consider that an attacker cannot access texts in
a knowledge database, and cannot access the parameters nor
query the LLM.

Depending on whether the attacker knows
the retriever, we consider two settings: black-box setting and
white-box setting.

In particular, in the black-box setting, we
consider that the attacker cannot access the parameters nor
query the retriever.

Our black-box setting is considered a
very strong threat model.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段直接比较了PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG，指出前者添加多个文档、目标为 misinformation，后者只添加一个文档、目标为 jamming，与查询要求比较两者威胁模型的关键区别高度相关。
In indirect prompt injection [17],
adversaries do not directly interact with the target LLM.

Instead, they inject adversarial inputs into third-party data,
which is then added to the LLM prompt (intentionally or
unintentionally) by the victim application and/or its users.

RAG poisoning attacks are an instance of indirect prompt
injection, where the adversary has the additional challenge
to ensure that their content is retrieved by the RAG system.

Zou et al.’s PoisonedRAG [68] adds multiple documents to
the database, crafted to make the system generate adversarychosen responses to specific queries—see Section 5.4 for
more details.

Their stated goal is misinformation rather than
jamming (denial of service).

PoisonedRAG adds multiple
documents to the database, whereas our attack only adds one.

That said, the adversary could use PoisonedRAG for jamming
by choosing a refusal to answer as the target response and limiting themselves to adding just one document to the database.

We evaluate this attack method in Section 6.6.

Concurrently and independently of this work, Chaudhari
et al. [8] described RAG poisoning attacks for several adversarial goals, including reputation damage, privacy violations,
harmful behaviors, and denial of service.

These attacks are
white-box and assume that the adversary knows both the em-
bedding model and the LLM used by the target RAG system.

This assumption rules out many realistic threat scenarios.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段总结了Machine Against the RAG的jamming攻击，包括blocker文档和攻击效果，属于其威胁模型内容，相关。
We introduced a new type of denial-of-service vulnerabilities
in retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems.

A single
“blocker” document in a RAG database can jam the system, in-
ducing it to refuse to answer a certain query.

We demonstrated
this attack against several LLMs and showed that resistance
to jamming is a novel safety property, not captured by the
existing safety and trustworthiness metrics.

We evaluated several methods for generating blocker documents, including a new method based on black-box optimization that requires query-only access to the target RAG system.

While effective, this method produces documents that are
easy to detect.

One question for future research is if it is possible to generate, without relying on an oracle LLM, passive
blocker documents (i.e., without explicit instructions) that do
not appear anomalous to a human reader and are difficult to
detect automatically.

If such blockers exist, they will require
more sophisticated defenses than perplexity-based filtering.

Another open question is the existence of universal blocker
documents that jam an entire class of queries, as opposed to
paraphrases of a particular query.

Future research may investigate more stringent threat models.

For example, in many realistic settings adversaries are
limited to a relatively small number of queries to the target
RAG system.

Also, the target’s database may change between
the time the adversary generates the blocker and the time it
is added to the database or the time the database is queried.

This raises the question if it is possible to generate blocker
documents with access to a RAG system whose database is
not exactly the same as the target’s database.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段讨论paraphrasing对查询的影响，与PoisonedRAG和Machine Against the RAG的威胁模型无关。
Some
queries which the RAG system adequately answers in their
original phrasing may no longer be answered if they are paraphrased.

Paraphrasing could have also a positive effect, if
queries that were not answered in their original phrasing are
answered after paraphrasing.

In Table 7, we compute the probability that a query is negatively or positively impacted by
paraphrasing, over all queries and 5 paraphrases per query.

Automated paraphrasing can significantly change the
meaning of the query.

For example, the query “why do
we celebrate holi festival in hindi” was paraphrased to “
”, for which an unpoisoned
RAG system using Llama-2-7b replied with “The query ‘
?’ translates to ‘Why do we
celebrate Passover, what is its significance?’ Passover is a
Table 8: Comparison of our black-box optimized approach (“BBO”) and the instruction injection (“Inst”) approach in the
presence of StruQ and Secalign defenses against prompt injection.

In the undefended (“Undef”) setting, instruction injection
mostly outperforms BBO; against StruQ, BBO performs significantly better; against SecAlign, the two methods are comparable.

Table 9: The effect of different values of k, the number of
retrieved documents, on attack performance.
significant festival in the Jewish religion, commemorating the
Israelites’ liberation from slavery in Egypt.”.

In addition to its impact on utility, paraphrasing can impact
the latency and cost of RAG.

API calls to LLM providers
can take up to several seconds even when the output is a
few tokens, and the cost of each generation is non-trivial.

Furthermore, queries in many real-world RAG deployments
are limited to a closed set (see Section 4).

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍PoisonedRAG，提出知识库污染攻击，与参考事实中PoisonedRAG的威胁模型直接相关。
We ﬁnd that the knowledge database in
a RAG system introduces a new and practical attack surface.

Based on this attack surface, we propose PoisonedRAG,
the ﬁrst knowledge corruption attack to RAG, where an at-
tacker could inject a few malicious texts into the knowledge
database of a RAG system to induce an LLM to generate an
attacker-chosen target answer for an attacker-chosen target
question.

We formulate knowledge corruption attacks as an
optimization problem, whose solution is a set of malicious
texts.

Depending on the background knowledge (e.g., blackbox and white-box settings) of an attacker on a RAG system,
we propose two solutions to solve the optimization problem,
respectively.

Our results show PoisonedRAG could achieve a
90% attack success rate when injecting ﬁve malicious texts for
each target question into a knowledge database with millions
of texts.

We also evaluate several defenses and our results
show they are insufﬁcient to defend against PoisonedRAG,
highlighting the need for new defenses.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段介绍RAG系统和jamming攻击（Machine Against the RAG），包括攻击者能力，相关。
Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) is a key application [15] of large language models (LLMs).

RAG systems
combine LLMs with knowledge databases.

When the user
submits a query, the system retrieves relevant documents from
the database based on their semantic proximity to the query,
typically measured via embedding similarity (see Section 3).

The LLM then uses the retrieved documents as its context to
generate a response.

Figure 1 shows a schematic overview of
RAG systems and our jamming attack (introduced below).

RAG systems are vulnerable to adversarial content in their
databases.

In many real-world applications of RAG, adversaries have an opportunity to add their documents to the un-
derlying database, whether internal (e.g., customer feedback
or enterprise-network logs) or external (e.g., webpages, re-
views, or social media).

Security of RAG systems is one of
the top ten security risks for LLM-based applications [43].

Our contributions.

We demonstrate and evaluate a new class
of denial-of-service vulnerabilities in RAG systems.

We show
how an adversary with query-only access to the RAG system
(but no knowledge of the embedding or LLM that it uses) and
insert-and-edit access to its knowledge database can create
query-specific “blocker” documents.

After a single blocker
is added to the database, (a) it is retrieved along with other,
clean documents relevant to the query, and (b) causes the
RAG system to generate a response that fails to answer the
query, ostensibly because it lacks information or because the
answer is unsafe.

We call this a jamming attack.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段是Machine Against the RAG论文的标题和摘要，明确指向该攻击，相关。
Machine Against the RAG: Jamming Retrieval-
Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents
Avital Shafran, The Hebrew University; Roei Schuster, Wild Moose; 
Vitaly Shmatikov, Cornell Tech
Machine Against the RAG:
Jamming Retrieval-Augmented Generation with Blocker Documents

Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) systems respond to
queries by retrieving relevant documents from a knowledge
database and applying an LLM to the retrieved documents.

We
demonstrate that RAG systems that operate on databases with
untrusted content are vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks
we call jamming.

An adversary can add a single “blocker”
document to the database that will be retrieved in response to
a specific query and result in the RAG system not answering
this query, ostensibly because it lacks relevant information or
because the answer is unsafe.

We describe and measure the efficacy of several methods
for generating blocker documents, including a new method
based on black-box optimization.

Our method (1) does not
rely on instruction injection, (2) does not require the adversary
to know the embedding or LLM used by the target RAG
system, and (3) does not employ an auxiliary LLM.

We evaluate jamming attacks on several embeddings and
LLMs and demonstrate that the existing safety metrics for
LLMs do not capture their vulnerability to jamming.

We then
discuss defenses against blocker documents.

**LLM判定汇总**: 8/10 relevant → precision=0.8000

## [10] cross_002_zh

**Query**: 比较 FlatD、MACO 和 Hardening DNN Binaries：它们各自采用什么方法保护 DNN 模型免受逆向工程攻击？

**Reference**:
- FlatD 使用控制流平坦化隐藏 DNN 程序的控制流图，集成到 TVM 编译中。
- MACO 使用编译器级混淆防止从编译二进制文件中提取模型。
- Hardening DNN Binaries 提出针对 DNN 可执行文件逆向攻击的加固技术。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块标题和内容直接对应参考事实中的Hardening DNN Binaries，提出了针对DNN二进制逆向的加固技术（NeuroShield）。
Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse
West Lafayette, IN, USA
West Lafayette, IN, USA
zou116@purdue.edu

Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are proprietary assets due to the
expertise, confidential data, and high development costs involved in
model training.

Well-trained DNN models are compiled into DNN
binaries to be efficiently executed on various platforms, such as
edge devices and cloud infrastructures.

Recent research on DNN
binary decompilation shows the potential of stealing DNN models
via binary reverse engineering techniques.

While obfuscation is
a well-studied technique to hamper binary reverse engineering,
general obfuscation schemes are not designed for this new type of
binary and have limitations in concealing information within DNN
binaries due to the unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

In this paper, we show that existing reverse engineering attacks
on DNN binaries can recover 98.5% of DNN operators from DNN
binaries that have been obfuscated using general obfuscators.

We
then propose new obfuscation schemes tailored for DNN binaries,
namely, (1) Flexible Operator Fusion; (2) Fake Operator Insertion;
and (3) Operator Computation Reordering.

We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an end-to-end obfuscation toolchain
called NeuroShield.

Experiments show that NeuroShield is resilient
to existing model reverse engineering attacks while introducing a
reasonable overhead.

Specifically, NeuroShield reduces the operator
recovery rate to 3.03% for CV models and 47.18% for NLP models.

Moreover, it has comparable binary size overhead and significantly
lower execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM,
one of the commonly used general obfuscators.
• Security and privacy →Software reverse engineering.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论加密和模型打包的不足以及DNN二进制逆向的特点，未直接涉及FlatD、MACO或Hardening DNN Binaries的具体方法。
In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块比较通用混淆器和NeuroShield的效果，涉及Hardening DNN Binaries的评估，与参考事实相关。
Engineering Attacks
To compare the effectiveness of general obfuscators and NeuroShield
on DNN binaries, we evaluate them against two state-of-the-art
DNN decompilers, DnD and BTD.

Note that the BTD attack is the
extended version we mentioned in Section 3.2.

Table 5 reports the
attack time and the number of operator functions reconstructed by
DnD and BTD on compiled DNN models under different obfuscation
techniques.

We group the results for three CV models (Mnist, Resnet,
Mobilenet) and NLP models (FastText, ESM, Albert) together for
better presentation.

We only evaluate CV models for DnD as it only
supports CV models in its evaluation dataset.

For Loki’s obfuscated
models, only Mnist and FastText can finish execution.

As BTD is
based on dynamic analysis, we only evaluate the two models under
Loki’s obfuscation for BTD.

The upper part of Table 5 presents the attack results for DnD.

Among general obfuscators, Fusor is ineffective against DnD with
100% operator functions semantics being recovered.

The reason is
that the inserted opaque predicates do not change the overall nested
loop structures, which is the fundamental information leveraged
by DnD to infer the operator types and attributes.

The Other three
Table 5: Evaluation on existing DNN binary reverse engineering attacks.

For the BTD attack, we use a thread pool with
20 threads to parallelize the attack for all functions in each
general obfuscators achieve full protection against DnD, as they
drastically change the control flow structures.

For Tigress and Loki,
the attack stopped in about 30s because DnD failed to retrieve the
control flow graph of binaries under VM-based obfuscation.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块明确提到NeuroShield加固DNN二进制，并总结其三个技术，直接对应Hardening DNN Binaries。
In
contrast, NeuroShield hardens DNN binaries in a way that makes
DNN binary reverse engineering attacks ineffective.

Hardware-based Model Protection.

Hardware-based methods
offer protection for DNN models through approaches such as: (1)
using hardware-secured secret keys to obfuscate model weights [22,
44, 62]; (2) executing DNN models within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) [43, 45].

These approaches require specific hardware support, while NeuroShield uses binary obfuscation to protect
model structures and is more generic.
9 Summary
We present NeuroShield, an implementation of three distinct obfuscation techniques tailored for DNN binaries: (1) Flexible Operator
Fusion, (2) Fake Operator Insertion, and (3) Operator Computation
Reordering.

Experiments show that NeuroShield provides strong
protection against existing reverse engineering attacks while introducing a reasonable overhead.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论Flexible Operator Fusion，是NeuroShield（Hardening DNN Binaries）的技术之一。
DNN models are generally represented as Computational Graphs,
with graph nodes denoting computation operators and edges denoting data flows.

Computation operators can be divided into two categories: (1) Complex operators (e.g., Conv2D, Dense, MaxPool),
which compute each output element from multiple input elements;
(2) Math operators (e.g., Add, Relu), which perform element-wise
mathematical operations over the input.

Figure 2 shows the computational graph of a shortcut structure commonly found in DNN
models.

Most DNN compilers use Graph-Level IR to represent the computation graph structure of a DNN model (e.g., Relay IR in TVM [4],
HLIR in Glow [56]).

DNN compilers perform operator fusion on
Graph-Level IR as a general optimization technique.

However, most
compilers (e.g., TVM and Glow) restrict fusion to narrow cases –
complex operators can only be fused to element-wise math operators concatenated to them.

For example, concatenating operators
Conv2D_1 and Relu_1 in Figure 2 are fused together.

As a re-
sult, a compiled fused operator function contains the semantics
of only one complex operator (called "anchor" operator in TVM).

The simplicity of the operator function is beneficial to subsequent
compilation optimization.

However, strict fusion rules result in
a limited number of fused operator types and ease the effort for
attackers to reverse engineering the DNN binary.

We propose to relax the strict fusion rules and aggressively fuse
operators, as long as they meet the following criteria:
• [R1] Upstream operators cannot be fused to downstream
operators if it has multiple downstream operators.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论循环重排序，是NeuroShield（Hardening DNN Binaries）的技术之一。
In this paper, we use loop reordering (cr) to evenly distribute
computation across the output elements of each operator, making
it more difficult for existing DNN binary decompilers (DnD and
BTD) to quickly infer the semantics of a single output.

Experiments
in Section 6.3 show that cr alone is not resilient against existing
reverse engineering attacks although it can increase the attack
time.

Evaluating the resilience of other loop transformations (e.g.,
unrolling, tiling) remains an open direction for future work.

Hardening Deep Neural Network Binaries against Reverse Engineering Attacks
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Obfuscation Overhead.

Although NeuroShield introduces a modest execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%), its binary size overhead
can be up to 201.8%.

Prior work has shown that protecting a small
subset of critical DNN operators can protect essential model functionality with significantly lower overhead [43].

Since the primary
source of NeuroShield’s binary size overhead is Fake Operator In-
sertion, this cost can be mitigated by applying fi only to fused
functions containing such critical operators.

Obfuscation of Complicated DNN Structures.

A comparatively
large portion of operators in complex neural network structures
(e.g., 47.18% operators in transformers) remain unprotected by NeuroShield.

These operators are related to connection structures and
can not be easily fused.

Extending Flexible Operator Fusion to support a wider range of fusion patterns is a promising direction that
we leave for future work.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块总结NeuroShield的贡献，包括三个技术，直接对应Hardening DNN Binaries。
Specifically, NeuroShield
reduces the operator recovery rate to 3.03% for three CV models
(Mnist, Resnet, and Mobilenet) and 47.18% for three NLP models
(FastText, ESM, and AlBert).

In terms of binary size, the overhead
of NeuroShield is comparable to OLLVM, and is much smaller than
Tigress and Loki.

Moreover, NeuroShield has a much smaller execution time overhead (7.8% - 36.1%) compared to OLLVM, Tigress
and Loki.

Our contributions can be summarized as follows:
• We conduct a study to show the ineffectiveness of general
obfuscation schemes against existing DNN binary reverse
engineering attacks, by extending the state-of-the-art attack
on DNN binaries, and using it to effectively recover six DNN
models’ semantics from DNN binaries under general obfuscations.
• We propose three dedicated obfuscation schemes to enhance
DNN binaries against existing reverse engineering attacks.
• We implement our dedicated obfuscation schemes as an endto-end DNN compilation toolchain called NeuroShield.

The source code of NeuroShield is available on GitHub 1.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DNN作为知识产权和部署方式，未涉及参考事实中的具体方法。
Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are considered proprietary assets
due to the specialized expertise, confidential user data, and substantial development costs required to train them.

Firstly, the model
architecture needs to be well designed, which requires either hu-
man expertise or automatic neural architecture searching in a large
searching space [18, 19].

Secondly, companies typically use private
user data to train DNN models, which are often confidential.

These
data are vulnerable to leakage, especially in scenarios where the
DNN model semantics are known by attackers (i.e., white-box at-
tacks [59]).

A recent article from NVIDIA reports a total training
time of 34 days, and a cost of $4.6M to train the GPT-3 model [47].

These advanced models represent a unique form of intellectual property, which companies try to keep secret for the purpose of keeping
user data confidential and staying competitive in the market [63].

To deploy a DNN model, DNN compilers (e.g., TVM [4]) compile
DNN models into stand-alone binaries that can run on a dedicated
backend device.

For example, compiled DNN models have been
widely deployed as web services on the cloud [1, 42, 49], and directly
on edge devices (e.g., Google Chrome [23], Android apps [16]).

In
both cases, users can gain access to these DNN binaries, e.g., via
compromising the cloud infrastructures or extracting binary code
from the distribution packages.

Encryption and model packing are
two common ways to protect models [16, 63], yet are vulnerable to
dynamic analysis [14, 28, 50, 63, 68, 77].

Recent research has shown the potential of reverse engineering
DNN model structures from DNN binaries through static analysis [74] and dynamic analysis [37].

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论DNN二进制逆向特点和通用混淆的无效性，未描述加固技术本身，不直接相关。
They exploit the following
characteristics of DNN binaries: (1) DNN operators are typically
compiled into distinct functions, providing explicit operator function boundary information; This allows attackers to extract the
function corresponding to each individual operator and perform
intra-procedure analysis; (2) The lack of input-dependent control
flow in DNN binaries enables attackers to perform dynamic analysis on the instruction traces of random input, as any input can
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei, Taiwan
Zheng Zhong, Ruoyu Wu, Junpeng Wan, Muqi Zou, & Dave (Jing) Tian
achieve full coverage of the binary code; (3) DNN operators are
floating-point operations over tensors, which are typically implemented as nested loops with computation over buffers inside the
loop bodies; This provides opportunities for both static and dy-
namic attackers to quickly reconstruct the semantics of a DNN
operator, by recognizing the loop patterns.

In this paper, we first demonstrate the ineffectiveness of protecting DNN binaries from reverse engineering attacks by applying
general binary obfuscation schemes.

We implement an extended
version of the attack described in [37] which successfully recovers
the semantics of 98.5% operator functions from six DNN models
(Mnist, Resnet, Mobilenet, FastText, ESM and AlBert) under the
obfuscation of four general obfuscators (Fusor [75], OLLVM [27],
Tigress [66] and Loki [57]).

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块最后提到NeuroShield加固DNN二进制，与Hardening DNN Binaries相关。
General obfuscation schemes include
Opaque Predicates [13, 46, 53, 75], Control Flow Flattening [10, 70],
Virtualization [2, 6, 11, 20, 29, 30, 34, 57, 61, 71, 72, 76], and Mixed
Boolean Arithmetic [57, 82].

These obfuscation schemes are ineffective against existing reverse engineering attacks on DNN binaries
due to certain unique characteristics of DNN binaries.

DNN Structure Obfuscation.

DNN Structure Obfuscation alters
the neural network structures without changing their functional
semantics.

Common transformations include: (1) decomposing a single operators into multiple smaller operators that together perform
the same computation; (2) Inserting pairs of redundant operators
that can cancel out the effects of each other.

DNN Structure Obfuscation can be used for model configuration file obfuscation [81],
watermark removal [78] and defend against side-channel-based
model extraction attacks [36].

These constructions can also be used
for DNN binary obfuscation.

However, the attacker can still re-
cover a DNN model that has the same functionality, but with more
complicated structures compared to the original DNN model.

In
contrast, NeuroShield hardens DNN binaries in a way that makes
DNN binary reverse engineering attacks ineffective.

Hardware-based Model Protection.

Hardware-based methods
offer protection for DNN models through approaches such as: (1)
using hardware-secured secret keys to obfuscate model weights [22,
44, 62]; (2) executing DNN models within Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) [43, 45].

**LLM判定汇总**: 7/10 relevant → precision=0.7000

## [11] single_001_zh

**Query**: AgentSentinel 如何为 LLM 代理提供端到端的实时安全防御？其核心架构是什么？

**Reference**:
- AgentSentinel 是一个面向计算机使用代理的端到端实时安全防御系统，拦截敏感操作并在安全审计完成前暂停执行。
- 其核心架构包括：上下文感知代理监控、基于 eBPF 和 LSM 的系统级追踪、融合规则和 LLM 的任务上下文安全审计器，以及基于容器的代理隔离。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段明确提到AgentSentinel是一个端到端实时安全防御框架，拦截敏感操作并在安全审计完成前暂停执行，与参考事实中的第一点直接相关。
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense
Framework for Computer-Use Agents

Large Language Models (LLMs) have been increasingly integrated
into computer-use agents, which can autonomously operate tools
on a user’s computer to accomplish complex tasks.

However, due to
the inherently unstable and unpredictable nature of LLM outputs,
they may issue unintended tool commands or incorrect inputs, leading to potentially harmful operations.

Unlike traditional security
risks stemming from insecure user prompts, tool execution results
from LLM-driven decisions introduce new and unique security
challenges.

These vulnerabilities span across all components of a
computer-use agent.

To mitigate these risks, we propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time defense framework designed to mitigate potential security threats on a user’s computer.

AgentSentinel
intercepts all sensitive operations within agent-related services and
halts execution until a comprehensive security audit is completed.

Our security auditing mechanism introduces a novel inspection
process that correlates the current task context with system traces
generated during task execution.

To thoroughly evaluate AgentSentinel, we present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across six attack categories.

The benchmark
demonstrates a 87% average attack success rate on four state-of-
the-art LLMs.

Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要讨论第三方对手利用工具交互进行攻击的威胁以及现有防御方法的不足，虽然提到了AgentSentinel，但未直接描述其核心架构或实时防御机制。
To compromise the operating system, a third-party ad-
versary could exploit the agent’s interaction with external tools.

For instance, if the agent fetches data using a tool whose source is
controlled by an attacker, the attacker can inject malicious payloads
into the tool results.

These malicious results then infect the task
context maintained by the agent, potentially leading to command
injection or other harmful behaviors.

While numerous techniques have been proposed to mitigate
the risks associated with tool use, these approaches are unfortunately ineffective when applied to computer-use agents.

For example, Zhang et al. [49] propose instruction-level defenses aimed at
mitigating incorrect outputs generated by LLMs.

However, these
methods often lack robustness against the sophisticated threats
posed by malicious attackers in the context of computer-use agents.

Another line of work (e.g., [45]) explores sandboxing and isolation
strategies.

Unfortunately, computer-use agents typically possess
broad access to and control over most tools on a user’s system, violating the core assumptions underlying these techniques.

Finally,
security-enhanced agent architectures [19] are also inadequate for
computer-use agents.

Re-architecting or hardening individual components of these agents is impractical, given the diversity and rapid
proliferation of such agents in real-world deployments.

To address the aforementioned issues, we propose AgentSentinel,
an end-to-end, real-time security defense framework for computeruse agent systems.

AgentSentinel passively traces each tool invocation by dynamically collecting relevant system events.

When
a sensitive operation is detected, it is suspended, and detailed in-
formation is presented to a security auditor, who then determines
the appropriate enforcement actions.

It is worth noting that our
approach addresses all threats at the endpoint, regardless of the specific vulnerabilities exploited within the computer-use agent.

This
design minimizes interference from tool behavior on the agent’s
execution.

AgentSentinel comprises four core components.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述了AgentSentinel的实现细节，包括使用eBPF和LSM进行系统级追踪、基于容器的隔离技术，与参考事实中的核心架构部分（eBPF/LSM追踪、容器隔离）直接相关。
Implementation.

We implemented AgentSentinel in around 6700
lines of Golang code and 1900 lines of C code.

We utilized the
Extended Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF) [8] and Linux Security Modules (LSM) [38] techniques to trace and enforce sensitive operations
from the user scope.

We used lightweight container-based virtualization techniques (e.g., docker) to isolate the running environment
of LLM-based computer-use agents from the host system.

We im-
plemented AgentSentinel client as a Python package in 170 lines
of Python code; it is straightforward to implement it in other programming languages.

Experiment Settings.

We conducted all experiments on Ubuntu
20.04 with a 16-core CPU (Intel® Core™i7-10700 CPU @ 2.90GHz)
and 32G RAM.

We set the maximum process enforcement level to 4
and the maximum audit time to 110s, which is about 90% of the waiting time for a single tool use (see Section 4.3).

We chose Claude-for-
Computer-Use as the implementation of the computer-use agent; it
provides standard specifications for three tools — Bash, Computer,
and File Editor — and supports fully end-to-end computer-use op-
erations [15].

We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段详细描述了安全审计模块的工作流程，包括规则和LLM结合的审计器，以及任务上下文感知审计，与参考事实中的核心架构（融合规则和LLM的任务上下文安全审计器）直接相关。
Once a process is suspended, a
security audit module analyzes the corresponding operation, taking
into account the task context and associated event traces.

If the
operation is deemed safe, the process is resumed; otherwise, it is
terminated to prevent further harm.

The agent client is notified via
a security alert if a tool failure is detected.

Finally, we propose a novel task-context-aware security audit
component designed to detect potential risks within the computeruse agent.

The security auditor comprises two complementary
components: a rule-based auditor that enforces predefined security
policies, and an LLM-based auditor that leverages the reasoning
capabilities of large language models to assess complex scenarios.

To enhance the efficiency and responsiveness of the LLM-based
auditor, we propose a Query-Per-Second (QPS) optimizer that regulates audit latency and ensures minimal disruption to normal task
execution.

Furthermore, we implement a security query cache that
classifies previously verified operations into three hierarchical categories: universally safe, task-specific safe, and safe-for-next-time.

This caching mechanism effectively reduces redundant queries and
auditing overhead by pruning unnecessary event traces and reusing
prior verification results.

Our contributions are summarized as follows.
• We propose AgentSentinel1, a novel end-to-end, real-time
security defense framework for computer-use agents.

To
the best of our knowledge, this is the first, end-to-end and
real-time defense framework for computer-use agents.
• We present BadComputerUse, a benchmark consisting of 60
diverse attack scenarios across seven attack types, which
demonstrates an average attack success rate of 87% on four
state-of-the-art LLMs.
• Our evaluation results show that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming all baseline defenses.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段主要提供评估结果和论文元数据，未涉及AgentSentinel的防御机制或核心架构描述。
Our evaluation shows that AgentSentinel achieves an
average defense success rate of 79.6%, significantly outperforming
all baseline defenses.
• Security and privacy →Software and application security.

Large Language Model, Computer-Use Agents, LLM-based Agent
Security
ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Haitao Hu, Peng Chen, Yanpeng Zhao, and Yuqi Chen. 2025.

AgentSentinel:
An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-
Use Agents.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer
and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, Taipei.

ACM,
New York, NY, USA, 15 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3719027.3765064

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段从数学形式化角度定义安全防御组件，但未直接描述AgentSentinel的具体架构或实时防御机制。
The function Tint denotes
how the agent performs actions and updates the task context, while
the function Text denotes how actions affect the external environment.

Finally, we define the state transformer of each iteration of
the agent loop as a composite function T : C × O →C × O
T (𝑐,𝑜) = [Tint(𝑎,𝑐), Text(𝑎,𝑜)]
(1)
where 𝑎= TLLM(𝑐).

We also consider the security threat defense mechanism for
computer-use agents as a new composable component within the
agent loop, consisting of three functions:
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
New Tool Use Notification
(1) A function TsecAct : A →A for securing action execution.
(2) A function TsecCtx : A × C →C for securing task context
updates.
(3) A function TsecEff : A × O →O for securing side effect
commits.

We can then define the safe state transformer of each iteration of
the agent loop as a new composite function:
where 𝑎′ = TsecAct(TLLM(𝑐)).

Consequently, a security defense
mechanism must provide concrete definitions for the three securing
functions in Equation 2.

Our Solutions.

In this paper, we define a composable security
threat defense component as (T ′
(1) For any action 𝑎∈A, we have T ′
secAct(𝑎) = 𝑎.

Our defense
mechanism does not directly interfere with agent’s execution
flow to avoid affecting agent capability.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段概述了AgentSentinel的客户端-服务器架构，包括监控服务器、系统追踪器和审计方法，与参考事实中的核心架构（上下文感知监控、系统级追踪）直接相关。
We propose AgentSentinel, an end-to-end, real-time security de-
fense framework for computer-use agents.

AgentSentinel adopts
a client-server architecture, where a monitoring server provides
protection for the agent operating as a client.

The agent transmits task context changes to the monitoring server, which then
configures a system tracer and enforcer to manage sensitive op-
erations within the agent’s services.

These sensitive operations
are thoroughly checked using an efficient auditing approach.

Our
evaluation demonstrates that AgentSentinel successfully defends
against the majority (79.6%) of attacks across seven types of attacks,
outperforming baseline defense mechanisms.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段通过具体任务示例展示AgentSentinel的威胁检测能力，但未直接描述其核心架构或实时防御机制。
We report intriguing observations from four representative tasks
in threat detection.

Novel Threats Detection.

The first task is to delete all subdirectories named as subdirname in a given root directory rootdirname.

To accomplish the task, an agent can run a bash command like
“find rootdirname -type d -name subdirname -exec rm
-rf {}”, but AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.5 Sonnet) detects novel
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
security risks outside our designed tests and blocks the command.

Specifically, using find with -exec rm -rf can lead to unintended
deletions if the root directory contains symlinks pointing to critical
system locations.

Though rm does not work on all symlinks, i.e.,
it works only on symlinks that have a trailing slash [39], deleting files without user confirmation is risky by itself.

Following a
security alert on the risky command, we observe that the agent
tries a safer way: it collects all subdirectories to be deleted and,
instead of deleting them all at once, deletes them one by one.

This
demonstrates that AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.5 Sonnet) can detect
a wider range of security risks and apply protective measures ac-
cordingly, suggesting that there is room for improving the coverage
of BadComputerUse to reveal the full capacity of LLM agents.

Evasive Threat Detection.

The second task is to use a specific
tool unknown to the agent to view a temporary file.

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段比较不同防御方法的性能，未涉及AgentSentinel的核心架构或实时防御机制。
This also suggests that as the
model evolves, the effectiveness of our tool will improve correspondingly.

Moreover, we observe that Claude-based computer-use
agents exhibit greater robustness to task failures, often proposing safer alternatives when the initial attempt is unsuccessful (see
further discussion in Section 5.5).

Next, we conduct a detailed analysis of the baseline defenses
across different attack types.

Among all defense techniques, the De-
limiters Defense proves to be the least effective, exhibiting only limited capability against Direct Task Injection attacks and AgentDojo.

Notably, it fails to detect 50% of such attacks across all evaluated
models.

Instruction Prevention and Tool-Use Guard defenses are
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 4: Defenses comparison across different LLM models based computer-use agents
more effective against (direct and indirect) prompt injections, but
less effective against Agent Infrastructure attacks and Hallucination Exploitation.

Among all baselines, Tool-Use Guard achieves the
highest mean DSR with but lags significantly behind AgentSentinel
(-50%), demonstrating that system-level traces are highly valuable
for identifying security threats.

Llama Guard achieves the highest
mean DSR, as it is more effective against explicit prompt injections
and malicious instructions.

False Positive Rate.

AgentSentinel achieves an average false positive rate (FPR) of 10.8%.

Notably, AgentSentinel (w/ Claude 3.7
Sonnet) reports zero false positives and AgentSentinel (w/ Claude
3.5 Sonnet) reports only one false positive, consistent with the ob-
servation that Claude 3.7 Sonnet is generally stronger than Claude
3.5 Sonnet.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该片段描述实验设置和评估指标，未涉及AgentSentinel的核心架构或实时防御机制。
We experimented with Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude
3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4-Turbo, and GPT-4o as the computer-use agent
and the auditor of AgentSentinel.

To prevent agents from running
AgentSentinel: An End-to-End and Real-Time Security Defense Framework for Computer-Use Agents
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Table 1: Evaluation metrics. ↑indicates the higher the better
while ↓indicates the lower the better.

Percentage of tasks where the agent successfully triggers a malicious operation.
↑
DSR
Percentage of tasks where the defender successfully
refuses all malicious operations and accepts all benign
operations.

FPR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly ac-
cepts some malicious operations.
↓
FNR
Percentage of tasks where the defender mistakenly re-
fuses some benign operations.
↓
FT
Percentage of failed tasks where the expected attacks
are failed.

AFR
Percentage of successful tasks where the expected at-
tacks are failed.
endlessly, we restricted the number of dialogue rounds for an agent
to process a task to 30.

Evaluation Metrics.

We proposed comprehensive evaluation metrics (see Table 1) to quantify the effectiveness of attacks (ASR), de-
tection defense (DSR, FPR, and FNR), and model’s security policies
(AFR).

In addition, we measure the impact that a defense imposes
on the task capability of computer-use agents (FT).

We also measure the security capability of LLMs as the AFR.

A higher AFR
indicates that an LLM implements a more effective security policy.

Furthermore, for a given task, if a defense mechanism accepts some
malicious operations while rejecting some benign ones and the
first rejected operation is benign, we classify the outcome as a false
positive; otherwise, we consider it a false negative.

**LLM判定汇总**: 4/10 relevant → precision=0.4000

## [12] single_002_zh

**Query**: Appatch 的自动自适应提示方法是什么？它如何改进程序修复或代码生成？

**Reference**:
- Appatch 使用自动自适应提示和漏洞语义引导的推理，在无测试输入的情况下修补软件漏洞。
- 它分为两个阶段：语义感知的范围缩小提取漏洞相关代码切片，以及动态自适应提示通过根因分析、选择相似示例和思维链提示生成候选补丁。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块直接提到了APPATCH使用漏洞语义推理和自适应提示，无需测试输入，与参考事实中的自动自适应提示方法直接相关。
In this paper, we
                                                                       tive property inference along with simple templates [55] isleverage the power and merits of pre-trained language lan-
                                                     employed to generate vulnerability patches.

However, theseguage models (LLMs) to enable automated vulnerability
                                                             techniques rely on exploits or vulnerability-triggering testpatching using no test input/exploit evidence and without
                                                                    inputs, which may not always be available, especially formodel training/fine-tuning.

To elicit LLMs to effectively rea-
                                                        emerging (e.g., zero-day) vulnerabilities.

They often also re-son about vulnerable code behaviors, which is essential for
                                                               quire that the code to patch be compilable, which furtherquality patch generation, we introduce vulnerability seman-
                                                                       limits their applicability (e.g., they can not be used before thetics reasoning and adaptive prompting on LLMs and instanti-
                                                                   project becomes complete).ate the methodology as APPATCH, an automated LLM-based
patching system.

Our evaluation of APPATCH on 97 zero-day       DL-based approaches overcome these limitations and have
vulnerabilities and 20 existing vulnerabilities demonstrates its     gained more momentum in recent years [14,18,52].

These
superior performance to both existing prompting methods and     techniques leverage existing vulnerability datasets to train
state-of-the-art non-LLM-based techniques (by up to 28.33%     a DL model that learns known vulnerability-fixing patterns,
in F1 and 182.26% in recall over the best baseline).

Through     hence the ability to repair a given vulnerability.

Despite their
APPATCH, we demonstrate what helps for LLM-based patch-     promises, they need sizable and quality training data with
ing and how, as well as discussing what still lacks and why.       vulnerability labels, which is not widely and diversely avail-
                                                              able [9, 39, 41].

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块描述了APPATCH的语义感知范围缩小和动态自适应提示，包括根因分析和选择示例，与参考事实的两个阶段直接对应。
Yet again, for an arbitrary program to patch,
how to prepare the best exemplars is unknown (Challenge
2).

Third, LLMs are known to suffer from capacity (#tokens)
and context constraints, which makes it difficult to provide
necessary code context in a prompt and analyze sizable code;
yet vulnerabilities are context-sensitive and can be interprocedural, thus patching them often requires accommodating po-
tentially larger code contexts (Challenge 3).

Moreover, LLMs
are commonly subject to hallucination and non-deterministic
responses, whereas stably generating valid and correct patches
is essential for vulnerability patching—bad patching can be
worse than not patching (Challenge 4).

In this paper, we present APPATCH, a novel, automated
Adaptive prompting methodology for LLM-based vulnerability patching.

Given a vulnerable program with a known
vulnerability location, APPATCH first narrows down the scope
of analysis to only the relevant subset of the program via a
step called semantics-aware scoping.

This allows LLMs to
analyze a smaller code snippet that includes all the essential
information necessary for reasoning about the vulnerabilityrelated code behaviors, addressing Challenge 3.

Then, it elicits the LLM to identify the vulnerability’s root cause within
the reduced scope with vulnerability semantics reasoning,
henceforth selecting exemplars that best fit the program on
the fly from a pre-mined exemplar database, an essential step
referred to as dynamic adaptive prompting, which addresses
Challenges 2.

The database is built offline by mining exemplars from known patches.

With the adaptively chosen ex-
emplars, APPATCH forms the patching prompt automatically
to generate multiple candidate patches with LLMs, addressing Challenge 1.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块详细说明了动态自适应提示中的示例生成和CoT推理步骤（根因分析、修复策略、补丁生成），与参考事实中的动态自适应提示过程一致。
With the vulnerability semantics computed in Step 1.1, Step
1.2 generates the exemplars from the given existing vulnerable samples.

Since our dynamic adaptive prompting leverages CoT prompting which guides LLMs to generate quality
patches with appropriate intermediate reasoning, we divide
the overall reasoning process into three high-level steps: (1)
vulnerability semantics reasoning (as root cause analysis), (2)
fixing strategy identification, and (3) patch generation.

However, it is difficult to write the reasoning for each collected
sample manually.

Therefore, we leverage LLMs to automatically generate the exemplars.

Since we have the ground-truth
patches in the given existing samples, we prompt the LLMs
to generate (1) with the following template:
Q: Given the following code slice Vexem, which has a vulnerability among <CWE-IDs> and lines Sv, the patch is
<ground-truth patch>.

Starting with the external inputs:
<EI identified>, reason about the vulnerable behavior step
by step until the vulnerability is determined.

Since the code slice V is interprocedural across the whole
program, it is likely to contain a large number of code statements [10], making it difficult for LLMs to process.

Therefore,
the EI identified are only part of the full set of EI identified in
Algorithm 1 that reach any of the patch locations.

Then, the
code slice provided to LLMs Vexem only contains the paths
between any of such identified EI subset and any of the vulnerable statements.

This helps LLMs concentrate on the most
essential parts of the program for vulnerability patching.

In this template (as well as the one for dynamic adaptive
prompting’s root cause generation), we leverage vulnerabilitysemantics-guided reasoning, which is described as "Starting
with the external inputs, reason about the vulnerable behavior
step by step until the vulnerability is determined".

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块继续讨论示例生成和漏洞语义引导推理，是参考事实中自动自适应提示方法的具体实现细节。
Then, the
code slice provided to LLMs Vexem only contains the paths
between any of such identified EI subset and any of the vulnerable statements.

This helps LLMs concentrate on the most
essential parts of the program for vulnerability patching.

In this template (as well as the one for dynamic adaptive
prompting’s root cause generation), we leverage vulnerabilitysemantics-guided reasoning, which is described as "Starting
with the external inputs, reason about the vulnerable behavior
step by step until the vulnerability is determined".

Although
this is simple, it significantly helps LLMs analyze the vulnerability root cause comprehensively and effectively.

Figures 5
and 9 show the comparison between the root cause analysis
with and without vulnerability-semantics-guided reasoning.

Without such reasoning, the output misses many details for
the vulnerability causes, which make the analysis inaccurate.

The key insight underlying our automated exemplar generation is that, with the ground-truth patches provided, LLMs
are capable of generating the correct reasoning steps which
are helpful to guide themselves to generate patches given new
samples to patch.

To corroborate this hypothesis, we conduct
a preliminary experiment on the real-world samples from our
collected dataset (see §5.1).

Based on our manual inspection
on the generated exemplars by GPT-4, 92.98% of the reasoning are correct, indicating that using LLMs to automatically
generate exemplars is effective.

These exemplars compose
the quality exemplar pool for the dynamic adaptive prompting
step (Step 2.2) to select exemplars from.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块比较了APPATCH与其他方法的性能，虽然侧重结果，但明确提到了APPATCH及其方法，与参考事实相关。
These
superior performance to both existing prompting methods and     techniques leverage existing vulnerability datasets to train
state-of-the-art non-LLM-based techniques (by up to 28.33%     a DL model that learns known vulnerability-fixing patterns,
in F1 and 182.26% in recall over the best baseline).

Through     hence the ability to repair a given vulnerability.

Despite their
APPATCH, we demonstrate what helps for LLM-based patch-     promises, they need sizable and quality training data with
ing and how, as well as discussing what still lacks and why.       vulnerability labels, which is not widely and diversely avail-
                                                              able [9, 39, 41].

As a result, they do not generalize well to
                                                        unseen code and often stumble on real-world vulnerabili-

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块展示了动态自适应提示的算法，包括根因生成、选择示例和补丁生成，直接对应参考事实中的动态自适应提示阶段。
With the vulnerability semantics computed in Step 2.1, we
perform dynamic adaptive prompting to guide the LLMs
to generate patches.

The overall algorithm of this dynamic
adaptive prompting step is shown in Algorithm 2.

APPATCH
leverages a progressive prompting strategy which prompts
the LLMs to generate the root cause, select exemplars, and
generate the patch in separated prompts.

This is to (1) guide
the LLMs to generate the patches step by step and (2) allow
LLMs to obtain the information and exemplars on demand.

Algorithm 2: Dynamic Adaptive Prompting
Input: vul_slice: vulnerable slice, exemplars: mined exemplars
Output: cand_patches: candidate patches
1 Function DynPrompting(vul_slice, exemplars)
cause ←GenCause(vul_slice)
// Generate root cause of the slice
chosen_exemplars ←[]
// Initialize an empty list
foreach exemplar in Exemplars do
exemplar_cause ←GetExemCause(exemplar)
// Extract cause
comp_ans ←CompareCause(cause, exemplar_cause)
if comp_ans is Yes then
chosen_exemplars.insert(exemplar)
// Add similar exemplars
if SizeOf(chosen_exemplars)≥8 then
break
// Break when the exemplars are enough
cand_patches←GenPatch(chosen_exemplars, vul_slice)
// Get vulnerable function slice
15 LLMAns ←GenCauseByLLM(cause_slice)
// Get response from LLMs
while HasExpandDemand(LLMAns) do
cause_slice ←cause_slice ∪GetDemandedFuncSlice(LLMAns)
18 LLMAns ←GenCauseByLLM(cause_slice)
return LLMAns
Root Cause Generation.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块讨论了APPATCH的效率和结果，并提及自动自适应提示方法，与参考事实中的方法描述相关。
APPATCH is also reasonably efficient, taking on average 37.148-50.209 seconds to generate a
patch, and using 5,684-6,802 tokens per patch with the LLMs.

Our results suggest the practical feasibility and merits of
LLM-based vulnerability patching, via a novel methodology
(pivoted by automated adaptive prompting based on vulnerability semantics reasoning) of leveraging LLMs to generate
valid and correct patches.

Through APPATCH, we demonstrated how LLMs can be helped for this challenging task;
also, by examining failure cases, we discuss how/where and
why LLMs may still fall short even with APPATCH.

Q: Complete the following code after the comment:
<first 23 lines of code from Figure 1>
/*Fixed CWE-787 vulnerability*/
śHere is the code completionsś
for (i = 0; i < cnt; i++) {
argv[i] = cp;
if (ch)
ep = Jsi_Strchr(cp, ch);
……
```
state-of-the-art LLM-based approach zero-shot completion.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块概述了APPATCH的两个主要阶段（语义感知范围缩小和LLM引导的因果修补），与参考事实中的两个阶段完全吻合。
Vulnerable Statements
Semantics-aware scoping
Phase 2: LLM-Guided Causal Patching
Figure 4: An overview of APPATCH’s design, including its inputs, two main working phases, and outputs.

Next, in Phase 2: LLM-Guided Causal Patching, the
given program to patch is also scoped into vulnerability se-
mantics (2.1).

Then, through dynamic adaptive prompting
(2.2), APPATCH analyzes the root cause of the given vulnerability with an LLM and selects similar exemplars based on
the root cause.

With the chosen exemplars, candidate patches
are generated via CoT prompting on the LLM.

Finally, the
generated patches are validated and refined through multiple
LLMs through a multi-faceted patch validation (2.3) process.

As a result, the validated patches are returned as the outputs of APPATCH.

Note that while both phases rely on LLMs
for automated root cause and fixing strategy identification
using the vulnerability semantics reasoning, Phase 1 additionally feeds the ground-truth patches to the models, This
addition is essential because it is expected to help LLMs generate root cause and fixing strategy that are more likely correct
than otherwise hence serving the demonstrating (exemplar)
purposes to elicit LLMs’ similar reasoning at patching time.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块介绍了APPATCH的四个关键设计元素，包括语义感知范围缩小、漏洞语义推理、自动示例挖掘和动态自适应提示，直接对应参考事实的核心内容。
Therefore, we introduce APPATCH,
an automated framework that adaptively prompts LLMs for
vulnerability patching with semantics reasoning guidance.

We
introduce four key design elements in APPATCH:
1.

To help LLMs concentrate on the most essential parts
of a program for vulnerability patching, we introduce
semantics-aware scoping, which only provides LLMs
with code entities that capture the core vulnerable behavior of the program (noted as vulnerability semantics).
2.

To guide LLMs to analyze and patch vulnerabilities correctly, we arm them with vulnerability semantics reasoning capabilities via CoT prompting [51] that demonstrates correct reasoning steps with a few exemplars.
3.

Considering the diversity of vulnerability root causes
and patching strategies, a large-scale exemplar pool is
needed.

However, manually writing the reasoning steps
for the exemplars is time-consuming.

Thus, we design
an automated exemplar mining module which generates
exemplars based on existing real-world samples.
4.

To provide the best-fit exemplars for a given testing sample (i.e., code to patch), we design dynamic adaptive
prompting which automatically picks exemplars based
on the vulnerability root causes of the testing sample.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 该块通过失败案例引出APPATCH，并再次介绍其四个设计元素，与参考事实中的自动自适应提示方法相关。
As seen, GPT-4 seems to recognize
that the vulnerability is caused by the insufficient size of the
memory p points to at line 24 and it should ensure that the
write is not longer than p’s boundary.

While the basic idea
is correct, it is also needed to find out how much memory p
should point to for patching the vulnerability.

In this case,
necessary data/control dependency analysis is needed.

However, GPT-4 generates the patch by changing Jsi_Strcpy to
Jsi_Strncpy and adding a write limit len+1 without analyzing the code semantics.

Thus, it fails to patch the vulnerability.
code completion method.

As shown, we provide the code
up to line 23 (where the ground-truth patch is located) and
prompt the model (via a comment) to complete the remaining
code while addressing the CWE-787 vulnerability.

Similar to
standard prompting, it simply completes line 24 with strncpy
and sets a write limit len+1 without analyzing the actual size
of p.

Thus, it also fails to patch the vulnerability.

Based on the two examples above, it is clear that, to patch
real-world vulnerabilities effectively, even powerful LLMs
may still need to be guided step by step for necessary reasoning about code semantics.

Therefore, we introduce APPATCH,
an automated framework that adaptively prompts LLMs for
vulnerability patching with semantics reasoning guidance.

We
introduce four key design elements in APPATCH:
1.

To help LLMs concentrate on the most essential parts
of a program for vulnerability patching, we introduce
semantics-aware scoping, which only provides LLMs
with code entities that capture the core vulnerable behavior of the program (noted as vulnerability semantics).
2.

**LLM判定汇总**: 10/10 relevant → precision=1.0000

## [13] single_003_zh

**Query**: CodeLLM-Devkit 如何为代码 LLM 提供上下文？它为改进代码智能任务提供了哪些框架组件？

**Reference**:
- CodeLLM-Devkit (CLDK) 是一个开源 Python 库，简化跨多编程语言的程序分析，为代码 LLM 提供丰富的上下文。
- 它提供统一的接口抽象静态分析工具的复杂性，具有模块化组件：程序分析、语言模式定义、提示和检索增强。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 直接描述了CLDK作为开源库简化程序分析，为代码LLM提供丰富的上下文，与参考事实一致。
To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

With this library, developers can effortlessly integrate detailed,
code-specific insights that enhance the operational efficiency and
effectiveness of LLMs in coding tasks.

CLDK is available as an
open-source library at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 标题和摘要介绍了CLDK是用于上下文化代码LLM的框架，并提及解决程序分析工具的问题，与查询相关。
Codellm-Devkit: A Framework for Contextualizing
Code LLMs with Program Analysis Insights
Rahul Krishna∗†1, Rangeet Pan∗†2, Raju Pavuluri3†, Srikanth Tamilselvam4‡, Maja Vukovic5†, and Saurabh Sinha6†
†IBM Research, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA.
‡IBM Research, Bangalore, KA 560045, India.

Abstract—Large Language Models for Code (or code LLMs)
are increasingly gaining popularity and capabilities, offering a
wide array of functionalities such as code completion, code generation, code summarization, test generation, code translation, and
more.

To leverage code LLMs to their full potential, developers
must provide code-specific contextual information to the models.

These are typically derived and distilled using program analysis
tools.

However, there exists a significant gap—these static analysis
tools are often language-specific and come with a steep learning
curve, making their effective use challenging.

These tools are
tailored to specific program languages, requiring developers to
learn and manage multiple tools to cover various aspects of the
their code base.

Moreover, the complexity of configuring and
integrating these tools into the existing development environments
add an additional layer of difficulty.

This challenge limits the
potential benefits that could be gained from more widespread
and effective use of static analysis in conjunction with LLMs.

To address this challenge, we present codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an open-source library that significantly simplifies
the process of performing program analysis at various levels of
granularity for different programming languages to support code
LLM use cases.

As a Python library, CLDK offers developers
an intuitive and user-friendly interface, making it incredibly
easy to provide rich program analysis context to code LLMs.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 演示了CLDK如何与代码LLM集成以增强编码任务，提供了具体示例，与查询相关。
We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

Java )
# The user only needs to change the
# language, the APIs defined below will
# remain the same.
# For languages (like go) which don't
# have classes, it's corresponding
# equivalent (struct) will be returned.
classes = analysis.get_classes()
.query("(((impl_item) @impl))")
user only changes the language parameter
and challenges that they face while using various program
analysis and prompting tools.

We also studied how CLDK can
help ease their code LLM journey.
◦Evaluation and case studies.

We evaluate the effectiveness
of CLDK through real-world case studies and experiments that
showcase its impact on improving the performance of code
LLMs in real-world scenarios and improving research and
developer productivity.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了CLDK的模块化设计，包括程序分析、语言模式定义、提示和检索，直接对应参考事实中的组件。
In this section, we discuss the design principles underpinning CLDK (codellm-devkit).

CLDK adopts a modular
structure, where each module has a clearly defined functional
responsibility such as analysis of programs, a schematic definition for each language, mechanisms to incorporate prompting
and retrieval.

The primary design objective of CLDK is to ensure: 1) Clean
separation of concerns; 2) The ability to independently update
and/or add extensions to each module; and 3) Enhanced ability
Compiler fuzzing
Program merge conflicts repair
been an integral part.

Fig. 7: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
based on manual investigation of academic works.
to test each module independently.

Fig. 8 provides an overview
of how CLDK operates and will be explained in the remainder
of this section.

A.

Architectural Overview
In this section, we provide a detailed description of the core
components of CLDK outlining their expected behavior and
illustrating how they function together.
1) CLDK core: This module serves as an entrypoint to
codellm-devkit.

It provides the interface for interacting
with the underlying functionalities.

This module offers all the
encapsulation necessary to configure CLDK, customize various
options based on the programming languages, and to run
analyses.

A typical usage of CLDK involves instantiation with
a target programming language.

Next, we create an analysis
object configured with language specific options to then invoke
specific functions for analysis or processing as needed.

An
example usage for a Java project is shown in Listing 1
1 cldk = CLDK(language="java")
2 j_analysis: JavaAnalysis = cldk.analysis(
# Other optional analysis options.

Listing 1: A sample instantiation of CLDK for Java.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 内容为开发者调查，涉及目标语言和工具使用，未直接回答CLDK如何提供上下文或组件。
Nearly all
participants noted that they use Python to develop LLM-based
solutions, while one participant mentioned using TypeScript,
primarily due to having to build plugins for VS Code.
• The target language for LLM development (B4).

Most
code LLM use cases, according to our participants, were
focused on Java followed closely by Python, Go, and
Javascript/Typescript.

Some participants also used LLMs for
legacy languages such as COBOL and PL1.

The overall
distribution is shown in Fig. 5.

Fig. 5: Target programming languages for LLM-assisted tasks
at IBM.
• Use of program analysis (B5).

All but two participants (R1
and E2) agreed that that they use program analysis in their
code LLM pipeline.

Of the two exceptions, R1 answered that
their use case is surrounding taking LLM output off-the-shelf
whereas E1 works on building an evaluation pipeline for code
LLM (which does not warrant additional program analysis).
• Program analysis tool use (B6).

Of the participants that
answered affirmatively to the above, more than 60% of them
TABLE II: Developer survey questions.

A1.

What is your job title?

Open-ended
Role and Experience
A2.

How many years of software engineering experience do you have?

Numeric
B1.

How would you rate your experience with Code LLMs ?

MCQ
B2.

What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 主要介绍LLM在软件工程中的应用和程序分析工具挑战，未具体描述CLDK的机制或组件。
The advent of Large Language Models (LLMs) has accelerated the use of insightful artificial intelligence in software
development workflows.

This has enabled a wide array of
capabilities such as code completion [1], [2], generation [3]–
[5], summarization [6]–[8], test generation [9], [10], program
repair [11], [12], refactoring [12], and translation [13].

These
language models have the potential to improve developer productivity and code quality significantly by automating routine
tasks and providing intelligent insights.

To fully leverage the capabilities of LLMs for software
engineering (SE) tasks, it is critical to provide them with
rich, code-specific contextual information, which can be de-
rived from program analysis tools that perform static and/or
dynamic analysis on the codebases.

These analysis tools can
∗Equal Contribution
Email: {1rkrsn, 2 rangeet.pan}@ibm.com, {3pavuluri, 5maja, 6sinhas}@us.ibm.com,
* each tool is implemented 
    in a different language
software systems.
identify code patterns, dependencies, and potential issues that,
when supplied to code LLMs, can enhance their contextual
understanding of large codebases (beyond what was seen in
their pre-training dataset) thereby impacting their overall performance, accuracy, and, as a consequence, their usefulness.

Applying program analysis tools in the context of LLMs,
however, presents several challenges: (1) most existing static
analysis tools are highly specialized for individual programming languages, each with their own expressive capabilities
and idiosyncrasies, and further (2) existing tools like WALA
(for Java), LLVM (for Rust, and other C-family of languages),
and CodeQL each adopt distinct internal representations, ab-
straction levels, and querying mechanisms making it hard
to generalize across language families.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了CLDK的贡献，包括简化程序分析、集成LLM，与查询相关。
Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

By supporting multiple programming languages
and offering easy integration capabilities, CLDK enables de-
velopers to effortlessly extract rich program analysis context
and supply it to code LLMs.

By lowering the barrier to
performing comprehensive program analysis, CLDK aims to
empower developers to harness the full potential of code LLMs
without the overhead of mastering multiple tools or dealing
with complex integrations.

We conjecture that CLDK will contribute significantly to the software engineering community by
facilitating more efficient and effective development practices.

Our contributions in this paper are as follows:
◦Development of CLDK.

We introduce CLDK, detailing its
architecture, features, and how it addresses the identified
challenges by providing a unified and simplified approach to
program analysis.
◦Integration with LLMs.

We demonstrate how CLDK can
be seamlessly integrated with code LLMs to enhance various
coding tasks, such as code generation and repair, by providing
enriched contextual information.
◦Developer Survey.

We interviewed 15 researchers and de-
velopers at IBM to understand their code LLM-based use cases
1Available at https://github.com/IBM/codellm-devkit
from cldk import CLDK, Languages
from cldk.languages import Languages
.query(
"(((class_declaration) @class))")
cldk = CLDK( language=Languages.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅列出调查问题，不包含CLDK相关信息。
What are your primary use cases for Code LLMs?

MCQ
B3.

What programming language(s) do you use to build CodeLLM applications?

B4.

What is the target programming language(s) you use CodeLLMs for?

Open-ended
B5.

Does your CodeLLM usecase require additional program analysis?

MCQ
B6.

Do you use any program analysis tools?

MCQ
B7.

On average, how much time do you spend on prototyping and building your Code
LLM use cases?

B8.

What fraction of the time do you typically spend obtaining program analysis insights
for your projects?

C1.

What are the pros/cons of the tool(s) used?

Please explain.

Open-ended
C2.

What features or capabilities do you find missing in current program analysis tools?

Open-ended
C3.

How effective are your current tools when working with new programming languages
C4.

How would you rate the learning curve of your program analysis tools when applied
to new languages or applications?

C5.

Do you feel there is a need for better or easier-to-use program analysis tool for LLM
applications?

Please explain.

D1.

Do you use any prompting tool?

If yes, which tools and what are the ideal features
you would look for.

Prompting and RAG
D2.

Do you use any tool for RAG?

If yes, use any tool and what are the ideal features
you would look for.
have used various open-source tools like Tree-sitter, WALA,
JavaParser [16], Soot [17], LSP, etc,.

The remaining participants used/constructed in-house tools.
• Time to prototyping vs time to productionizing (B7).

--- Chunk #8 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论程序分析工具的挑战，但未涉及CLDK如何提供上下文或组件。
Applying program analysis tools in the context of LLMs,
however, presents several challenges: (1) most existing static
analysis tools are highly specialized for individual programming languages, each with their own expressive capabilities
and idiosyncrasies, and further (2) existing tools like WALA
(for Java), LLVM (for Rust, and other C-family of languages),
and CodeQL each adopt distinct internal representations, ab-
straction levels, and querying mechanisms making it hard
to generalize across language families.

As a result, enabling
program analysis across multiple languages within a project
introduces a number of unique challenges that arise not merely
query = f"""import java
with open(f"codeql.ql", "w") as f:
result = subprocess.run (f'codeql query
for cls in str(result.stdout. strip() )
.split('\\n')[2:]]
for similar abstractions in several languages
subprocess calls, and string split/strip to ob-
tain an output.
due to the diversity of languages, but also because of the differences in how these analysis tools model the code structure,
the inherent semantic relationships, and their behavior.

For developers, this means grappling with different APIs,
data formats, and tooling conventions.

The complexity arises
from having to understand the specific design choices un-
derpinning each tool—ranging from abstract syntax trees
to intermediate representations and proprietary query languages—rather than simply managing tools for multiple languages.

Further, integrating these tools into development environments often requires custom configurations and adaptations
that further complicate the process, leading to significant
overhead and limiting their usability.

This work offers codellm-devkit (hereafter, CLDK), an
open-source Python-based library1 designed to simplify the
process of performing program analysis at various levels
of granularity.

CLDK provides an intuitive and user-friendly
interface that abstracts the complexities of traditional static
analysis tools.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 展示了CLDK在代码摘要中的应用，通过API获取程序分析信息，体现了如何为LLM提供上下文。
Using CLDK, one can
use is_parsing(language:str) method that returns the
parsing errors by running Tree-sitter on the code (or snippet).

B.

Code Summarization
Program analysis has proven to be an essential technique
for improving the accuracy and effectiveness of code summarization—the task of generating natural language descriptions of source code.

By leveraging program analysis, code
and provide summaries that capture deeper aspects of code
structure, logic, and behavior.

CLDK ability to identify variable
usage, function dependencies, and control structures enables
to identify vital code elements and their contributions to
functional logic that can be easily incorporated into prompts
irrespective of the model and programming language.

One
such use case can be introducing the callers and callees
in to code context to generate more meaningful explanation
of the code.

Using CLDK API, one can easily gather such
information.

**LLM判定汇总**: 6/10 relevant → precision=0.6000

## [14] single_004_zh

**Query**: BTD 如何从编译后的 x86 可执行文件中恢复 DNN 模型规格？它使用了哪些技术，关键评估结果是什么？

**Reference**:
- BTD 是一个反编译器，可以从 x86 可执行文件中恢复完整的 DNN 模型规格，包括算子类型、维度、参数和网络拓扑。
- BTD 使用基于执行轨迹的分析方法，结合对污点 x86 指令的符号执行，以及基于 BPE 和 LSTM 的神经辅助操作码分类。
- BTD 在 TVM 和 Glow 编译的 65 个 DNN 可执行文件上成功恢复了 59 个的正确模型规格。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 包含关键评估结果：在65个DNN可执行文件上成功恢复59个，与参考事实第三点直接相关。
In this section, we evaluate BTD by exploring the following
four research questions (RQs) below:
RQ1 (Comprehensiveness and Correctness): Is BTD comprehensive and correct to process all operators used in common DL models compiled with different compilers and optimization options?

RQ2 (Robustness): Is BTD robust to survive frequent DL
compiler implementation changes?

RQ3 (Extensibility): Can BTD be easily extended to support
new operators and models?

What efforts are needed?

RQ4 (Error Fixing): How does BTD handle decompilation
errors?

We evaluated BTD with seven real-world CV models and
an NLP model compiled with eight versions of compilers
to provide a comprehensive evaluation.

BTD can produce
correct model speciﬁcations on 59 of 65 DNN executables,
and experienced users can quickly ﬁx 3 of 6 remaining errors.

Nevertheless, we recognize that some errors cannot be easily
ﬁxed by normal users.

In the evaluation, we only use ground
truths to verify the correctness of decompilation results.

BTD
is designed to cope with real-world settings and does not rely
on any ground truth.

Setup and results are below.

Compilers.

Table 1 lists compilers we used.

We select eight
versions of three state-of-the-art DL compilers.

Glow does
not have a release yet, so we use three versions that are at
least six months apart.

Glow and NNFusion only generate
fully-optimized executables, but TVM can be conﬁgured to
use different optimization levels.

Therefore, we use TVM
with no and full optimizations to build two sets of executables, while using Glow and NNFusion with default settings.

All models are compiled into 64-bit x86 executables.

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论使用神经模型和原子OPs进行操作码分类，涉及BPE和LSTM技术，与参考事实第二点相关。
As introduced in Sec. 2, one or a few fused DNN operators are
compiled into an assembly function.

We train a neural model
to map assembly functions to DNN operators.

Recent works
perform representation learning by treating x86 opcodes as
natural language tokens [28,29,59,81,108].

These works help
comprehend x86 assembly code and assist downstream tasks
like matching similar code.

Instead of deﬁning explicit patterns over x86 opcodes to infer DNN operators (which could
be tedious and need manual efforts), we use representation
learning and treat x86 opcodes as language tokens.

Atomic OPs.

Launching representation learning directly over
x86 opcodes syntax can result in poor learning quality.

Due to
x86 instructions’ ﬂexibility, opcodes with (nearly) identical
semantics may have distinct syntactic forms, e.g., vmulps and
mulps denoting multiply over ﬂoating numbers of different
sizes.

Rare words machine translation [88] are recently ad-
vanced from the observation that natural language words can
be divided into atomic units.

Translators can use atomic units
to translate rare words.

Accordingly, we deﬁne atomic OPs
over x86 opcodes: an atomic OP represents an atomic and in-
divisible unit of an x86 opcode.

Each opcode is thus split into
atomic OPs.

While a DNN operator could be compiled into
various x86 opcode sequences, induced atomic OP sequences
can better reﬂect “semantics” in a noisy-resilient way.

Dividing Opcodes into Atomic OPs.

As a common ap-
proach, we segment opcodes using Byte Pair Encoding
(BPE) [35].

BPE iteratively replaces the most frequent consecutive bytes in a sequence with a single, unused byte.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述重编译验证方法，用于确认恢复的模型规格正确性，与参考事实第一点（恢复完整规格）相关。
Recompilation re-
quires a fully ﬂedged decompilation, with the end results
again being a functional executable exhibiting identical be-
havior with the reference.

This demonstrates the feasibility
of DNN model reuse, migration, and patching.

To do so, we
re-implement DNN models in PyTorch using recovered DNN
models, then export models as ONNX ﬁles and compiled into
DNN executables using the same compilation provenance.

It is not desirable to directly compare the recovered highlevel model speciﬁcations with the reference model’s speciﬁ-
cations: compilation and optimization inevitably change DNN
model representation (e.g., fusing operators).

Thereby inconsistency of two high-level speciﬁcations does not necessarily
indicate a difference in model outputs.

Instead, We compare
recompiled and reference executables directly.

Speciﬁcally,
we compare the predicted labels and conﬁdence scores yielded
by recompiled and reference executables over every input
from validation dataset.

Two executables are deemed identical if labels and conﬁdence scores are exactly identical or
with only negligible ﬂoating-point precision loss.

For image
classiﬁcation models, we randomly select 100 images from
100 different categories in ImageNet [27] to form a validation
dataset.

For FastText, we randomly crafted 50 inputs.

Table 5 reports the results (only including ResNet18 as its
recompilation has defects).

All recompiled models manifest
identical behavior with references over all inputs in the validation dataset except ResNet.

Errors in ResNet (TVM -O0) can
be ﬁxed automatically with error ﬁxing rules (see Sec. 7.4),
and we mark “100% (with ﬁxing)”.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论维度、参数恢复结果及重编译，与参考事实第一点（恢复参数和维度）相关。
See full results in Table 11.
(2020, 2021, 2022) (v0.7, v0.8, v0.9.dev) (v0.7, v0.8, v0.9.dev)
Overall, BTD can determine dimensions of different DNN
operators with negligible errors over all settings.

Four failures
in ResNet18 (TVM -O0) are due to a Conv optimization (see
Sec. 7.1.6), while all dimensions of ResNet18 (TVM -O3) are
correctly recovered.

Besides, despite huge volume of parameters in each model, the results are promising.

BTD failed to
recover about 73K parameters of an optimized Conv operator in ResNet18 (TVM -O3) due to its specially-optimized
memory layout; see root causes in Sec. 7.1.6.
7.1.4 Recompilation
Recompilation is an active ﬁeld in reverse engineering,
though recompiling decompiled C/C++ code is challenging [32,98,99,102].

This section demonstrates the feasibility
of recompiling decompiled DNN models.

Recompilation re-
quires a fully ﬂedged decompilation, with the end results
again being a functional executable exhibiting identical be-
havior with the reference.

This demonstrates the feasibility
of DNN model reuse, migration, and patching.

To do so, we
re-implement DNN models in PyTorch using recovered DNN
models, then export models as ONNX ﬁles and compiled into
DNN executables using the same compilation provenance.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 继续重编译结果分析，包括错误修复，与参考事实第一点（恢复规格）相关。
Table 5 reports the results (only including ResNet18 as its
recompilation has defects).

All recompiled models manifest
identical behavior with references over all inputs in the validation dataset except ResNet.

Errors in ResNet (TVM -O0) can
be ﬁxed automatically with error ﬁxing rules (see Sec. 7.4),
and we mark “100% (with ﬁxing)”.

BTD fails to detect an er-
ror in recovering the parameter layout of a Conv in ResNet18
(TVM -O3); we mark it “NA”.

To verify the correctness of
the remaining recovered operators in this model, we manually
ﬁxed this error with ground truth and re-ran the recompilation
study; this model also gets 100% correct outputs, marked as
“NA →100%” in Table 5.

In this case, BTD does not produce the correct and directly usable model speciﬁcation, and
the manual ﬁxing here is merely to prove that all remaining
operators in ResNet18 are correctly decompiled.

We also measure the size and speed of recompiled and reference executables.

We report that no noticeable changes can
be observed comparing recompiled and original executables.

--- Chunk #5 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 介绍BTD整体功能、技术（学习、动态分析、符号执行）和评估，与参考事实第一、二点直接相关。
Decompiling x86 Deep Neural Network Executables
Zhibo Liu, Yuanyuan Yuan, Shuai Wang∗
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
{zliudc,yyuanaq,shuaiw}@cse.ust.hk

Due to their widespread use on heterogeneous hardware
devices, deep learning (DL) models are compiled into executables by DL compilers to fully leverage low-level hardware
primitives.

This approach allows DL computations to be un-
dertaken at low cost across a variety of computing platforms,
including CPUs, GPUs, and various hardware accelerators.

We present BTD (Bin to DNN), a decompiler for deep neural network (DNN) executables.

BTD takes DNN executables
and outputs full model speciﬁcations, including types of DNN
operators, network topology, dimensions, and parameters that
are (nearly) identical to those of the input models.

BTD de-
livers a practical framework to process DNN executables
compiled by different DL compilers and with full optimizations enabled on x86 platforms.

It employs learning-based
techniques to infer DNN operators, dynamic analysis to reveal
network architectures, and symbolic execution to facilitate
inferring dimensions and parameters of DNN operators.

Our evaluation reveals that BTD enables accurate recovery of full speciﬁcations of complex DNNs with millions of
parameters (e.g., ResNet).

The recovered DNN speciﬁcations
can be re-compiled into a new DNN executable exhibiting
identical behavior to the input executable.

We show that BTD
can boost two representative attacks, adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing, against DNN executables.

We also demonstrate cross-architecture legacy code reuse us-
ing BTD, and envision BTD being used for other critical
downstream tasks like DNN security hardening and patching.

--- Chunk #6 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论反汇编、函数恢复和编译来源推断，涉及基于执行轨迹的分析，与参考事实第二点相关。
We further discuss
the extensibility of BTD in Sec. 7.3.

Disassembling and Function Recovery.

BTD targets 64-bit
x86 executables.

Cross-platform support is discussed in Sec. 8.

ReLU; Sigmod; … Add; Sub; Negative; Sqrt; …
BiasAdd; Multiply; Divide; BN;
(b) Four types of operators.

BTD supports stripped executables without symbol or debug
information.

We assume that DNN executables can be ﬁrst
ﬂawlessly disassembled with assembly functions recovered.

According to our observation, obstacles that can undermine
disassembly and function recovery in x86 executables, e.g., in-
struction overlapping and embedded data [32], are not found
in even highly-optimized DNN executables.

We use a commercial decompiler, IDA-Pro [41] (ver. 7.5), to maximize
conﬁdence in the credibility of our results.

Compilation Provenance.

Given a DNN executable e, compilation provenance include: 1) which DL compiler is used,
and 2) whether e is compiled with full optimization -O3 or no
optimization -O0.

Since some DNN operators (e.g., type IV in
Fig. 3(b)) in e are highly optimized when compiled, the compilation provenance can be inferred automatically by analyzing
patterns over sequences of x86 instructions derived from e.

We extend our learning-based method from Sec. 4.1 to predict
compilation provenance from assembly code.

Our evaluation
of over all CV models in ONNX Zoo ﬁnds no errors.

Overall,
we assume that compilation provenance is known to BTD.

Therefore, some patterns can be designed separately for Glowand TVM-emitted executables; see details in Appendix C.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 总结贡献和评估结果，与参考事实第一、三点相关。
We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

In summary, we
contribute the following:
• This paper, for the ﬁrst time1, advocates for reverse engineering DNN executables.

BTD accepts as input (stripped)
executables generated by production DL compilers and outputs complete model speciﬁcations.

BTD can be used to aid
in the comprehension, migration, hardening, and exploitation of DNN executables.
• BTD features a three-step approach to recovering highlevel DNN models.

It incorporates various design principles
and techniques to deliver an effective pipeline.
• We evaluate BTD against executables compiled from largescale DNN models using production DL compilers.

BTD
achieves high accuracy in recovering (nearly) full speciﬁca-
tions of complex DNN models.

We also demonstrate how
common attacks are boosted by BTD.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提供评估细节（65个可执行文件、参数恢复），与参考事实第三点相关。
Decompiling ex-
ecutables on other architectures requires vendor support for
reverse engineering toolchains ﬁrst.

We also ﬁnd that DNN
“executables” on some other architectures are not in standalone executable formats.

See the last paragraph of Sec. 2
for the signiﬁcance of decompiling x86 DNN executables,
and see Sec. 8 for discussions on cross-platform support.

BTD was evaluated by decompiling 64-bit x86 executables
emitted by eight versions of three production DL compilers, TVM [22], Glow [85], NNFusion [64], which are de-
veloped by Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft, respectively.

These compilers enable full optimizations during our evaluation.

BTD is scalable to recover DNN models from 65
DNN executables, including nearly 3 million instructions, in
60 hours with negligible errors.

BTD, in particular, can re-
cover over 100 million parameters from VGG, a large DNN
model, with an error rate of less than 0.1% (for TVM-emitted
executable) or none (for Glow-emitted executable).

Moreover, to demonstrate BTD’s correctness, we rebuild decompiled model speciﬁcations with PyTorch.

The results show
that almost all decompiled DNN models can be recompiled
into new executables that behave identically to the reference
executables.

We further demonstrate that BTD, by decom-
(b) Sample DNN computation graph.

DNN compiler frontend looks for holistic
opt. chances like mergeable nodes, whereas backend explores efficient machine
code for each operator.
piling executables into DNN models, can boost two attacks,
adversarial example generation and knowledge stealing.

We
also migrate decompiled x86 DNN executables to GPUs, and
discuss limits and potential future works.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论DL编译器背景和BTD设计，与参考事实第一点（恢复模型规格）相关。
For completeness, we demonstrate decompiling
NNFusion-emitted executables in Sec. 4.4.

Real-World Signiﬁcance of DL Compilers.

DL compilers
offer systematic optimization to improve DNN model adoption.

Though many DNN models to date are deployed us-
ing DL frameworks like Tensorﬂow, DL compilers cannot
be disregarded as a growing trend.

Edge devices and lowpower processors suppliers are incorporating DL compilers
into their applications to reap the beneﬁts of DNN models [48,74,75,83].

Cloud service providers like Amazon and
Google include DL compilers into their DL services to boost
performance [14,101].

Amazon uses DL compilers to compile
DNN models on Intel x86 CPUs [49,61].

Facebook deploys
Glow-compiled DNN models on Intel CPUs [69].

Overall, DL
compilers are increasingly vital to boost DL on Intel CPUs,
embedded devices, and other heterogeneous hardware backends.

We design BTD, a decompiler for Intel x86 DNN executables.

We show how BTD can accelerate common DNN
attacks (Appendix D) and migrate DNN executables to GPUs
(Sec. 8).

Sec. 8 explains why BTD does not decompile ex-
ecutables on GPUs/accelerators.

GPU/accelerator platforms
lack disassemblers/dynamic instrumentation infrastructures,
and the DL compiler support for GPU platforms is immature
(e.g., cannot generate standalone executables).

**LLM判定汇总**: 10/10 relevant → precision=1.0000

## [15] single_005_zh

**Query**: 根据 Pitfalls 综述，使用 LLM 进行代码智能时的主要陷阱类别和分类体系是什么？

**Reference**:
- Pitfalls 综述将 LLM 代码智能中的常见失败模式按 LM4Code 生命周期分为四个关键方面。
- 四个类别为：数据收集与标注、系统设计与学习、性能评估、部署与维护。
- 具体陷阱包括数据窥探、虚假关联、不适当的模型设计、不适当的评估数据集和过拟合。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱，包括不平衡分布、数据噪声等，与参考事实中的类别对应。
The data-hungry language models require large-scale and high-quality training datasets.

According to a survey
by Hou et al. [54], the majority of LMs for code intelligence are trained using data from open-source platforms,
with GitHub and StackOverflow being the most popular options.

However, the data in these platforms are
user-contributed, varying significantly in the level of quality and reliability.

It leads to non-negligible noises,
bias, and errors in the training dataset and further affects the behavior of the models, which brings significant
pitfalls in LMs for code intelligence.

In this section, we provide a brief description of related studies and discuss
the implications and potential solutions during the data collection and labeling stages.
3.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
From the collected papers, we identified 22 research studies focusing on pitfalls during the data collection and
labeling process.

Table 2 presents the statistics of literature on this topic, where the pitfalls can be grouped into
three main categories.

Unbalanced Distribution: Unbalanced distribution arises when there is a lack of proper randomization in
the selection of samples, leading to certain populations being underrepresented or overrepresented [135].

In
code-related scenarios, it usually refers to the gap between the sample distribution of real-world practices and
training datasets.

For example, as emphasized by [15, 144, 182], vulnerable instances in vulnerability detection
studies are overwhelming while neutral code instances in real-world environments considerably outnumber their
vulnerable counterparts.

This imbalance extends to other code-based tasks.

In software defect prediction, where
defective modules are scarce compared with non-defective cases in real-world environments [81, 189].

Similarly,
bug report classification suffers from underrepresentation of the minority bug class [81].

--- Chunk #1 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了系统设计与学习阶段的陷阱，包括数据窥探、虚假关联、不适当的模型设计，直接对应参考事实。
Regularization, such as dropout or L2 regularization, helps in
preventing overfitting, while fine-tuning allows pre-trained models, like CodeBERT, to adapt to specific dataset
nuances, as demonstrated by Fang et al. [33].

By integrating these strategies, models can be better positioned to
achieve superior outcomes.

Summary - System Design and Learning
In this study, we uncover 43 research studies related to pitfalls in system design and learning.

These pitfalls
can be categorized into three main categories: data snooping, spurious correlations, and inappropriate model
design, leading to overestimated performance and compromised efficacy of LM4Code Systems.

Proposed
solutions encompass refined data handling, model explainability, and optimization strategies like architecture
adjustments, ensembling, and regularization.

For SE tasks specifically, selecting an appropriate model is crucial,
necessitating consideration of domain knowledge specific to particular code types, the complexity of the
coding task, and model input limitation.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
across time (Section 5)

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细描述了系统设计与学习阶段的陷阱，如数据窥探，与参考事实相关。
This section examines pitfalls in the system design and learning process for LM4Code.

The training of these
LM4Code models directly impacts their quality and efficacy for empowering code intelligence.

However, several
challenges arise in crafting optimal model architectures, formulating strategic training-testing approaches,
refining data preprocessing techniques, and selecting suitable learning algorithms.

Each design decision risks
introducing pitfalls that can undermine model robustness and effectiveness.
4.1 RQ1-Pitfalls
We have identified 43 research studies dedicated to the exploration of pitfalls introduced in the system design
and learning process.

These pitfalls can be broadly categorized into three categories: data snooping, spurious
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
correlations, and inappropriate model design.

In the following, we provide comprehensive descriptions of these
three pitfalls.

Data Snooping: Data snooping arises when LMs are inadvertently exposed during training to information that
should be inaccessible.

Such unintentional exposure primarily stems from improper data handling.

A common
source is improper train-test split, where evaluation/testing data leaks into training.

For example, research has
identified instances where training data incorporates bugs or vulnerabilities that closely mirror those encountered
in testing [27, 175].

This concept of overlap is further supported by Liu et al. [88] highlighting the risks associated
with functionality similarities between train and test data.

Another dimension to consider is the origin of the
data.

For instance, as emphasized by Steenhoek et al. [144] and Yang et al. [180], using samples from the same
software projects for both training and testing can influence the models.

Even data structure and representation
choices enable snooping.

Liu et al. [95] and Shi et al. [139] emphasize that pitfalls can emerge from the data
processing processes such as test prefix generation or concurrent use of same-class data.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了性能评估的可重复性问题，属于参考事实中的性能评估类别。
The reproducibility of research findings through independent verification is a fundamental requirement of the
scientific process that allows reported improvements to be validated and incrementally built upon [60].

However,
our analysis reveals that performance evaluation in LM4Code research may lack sufficient reproducibility.

The proposed approaches frequently bypass consistent evaluation protocols, datasets, and implementation
details, making it difficult for others to replicate the experiments described in the literature and validate their
accuracy [191].

Furthermore, inconsistent performance across different runs or implementations obscures the
reliability of findings, as initial results that appear promising frequently fail to fully replicate in subsequent
studies [191].

This phenomenon indicates that minor variances in experimental conditions, which are rarely
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.

--- Chunk #4 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 介绍了综述的总体分类，包括数据收集和标注、系统设计和学习、性能评估、部署和维护，直接对应参考事实的分类体系。
We conducted a qualitative and quantitative synthesis of the collected studies.

We present a taxonomy of the collected studies according to the LM4Code lifecycle, including data
collection and labeling, system design and learning, performance evaluation, deployment, and maintenance.

Our synthesis investigates the pitfalls present in LM4Code, summarizes the implications of these pitfalls,
investigates how these issues are addressed, and outlines future challenges in this field.

Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
(a) Distribution of papers over years
• Insightful Findings and Recommendations.

In addition to identifying and analyzing pitfalls, we distilled
practical insights and recommendations for researchers and practitioners in the field of LM4Code.

These
findings pave the way for developing more robust and reliable language models tailored for code in-
telligence, mitigating potential challenges and maximizing their utility of such models in real-world
applications.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅介绍论文背景和作者，未涉及陷阱类别或分类体系。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and
Survey
XINYU SHE∗, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YUE LIU∗, Monash University, Australia
YANJIE ZHAO, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
YILING HE, Zhejiang University, China
LI LI, Beihang University, China
CHAKKRIT TANTITHAMTHAVORN, Monash University, Australia
ZHAN QIN, Zhejiang University, China
HAOYU WANG†, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China

Modern language models (LMs) have been successfully employed in source code generation and understanding, leading to
a significant increase in research focused on learning-based code intelligence, such as automated bug repair, and test case
generation.

Despite their great potential, language models for code intelligence (LM4Code) are susceptible to potential
pitfalls, which hinder realistic performance and further impact their reliability and applicability in real-world
deployment.

Such challenges drive the need for a comprehensive understanding - not just identifying these issues but delving
into their possible implications and existing solutions to build more reliable language models tailored to code intelligence.

Based on a well-defined systematic research approach, we conducted an extensive literature review to uncover the pitfalls
inherent in LM4Code.

Finally, 121 primary studies from top-tier venues have been identified.

After carefully examining these
studies, we designed a taxonomy of pitfalls in LM4Code research and conducted a systematic study to summarize the issues,
current solutions, implications, and challenges of different pitfalls for LM4Code systems.

We developed a comprehensive
classification scheme that dissects pitfalls across four crucial aspects: data collection and labeling, system design and learning,
performance evaluation, and deployment and maintenance.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 仅介绍研究问题，未提供具体陷阱内容。
Ensuring the robustness, reliability, and trustworthy deployment of LMs is important for their effective
integration into the software development lifecycle.

Consequently, it is crucial to discern the nature of these
pitfalls, comprehend their implications, and examine existing solutions.

Thus, we aim to answer the following
research questions in this study:
• RQ1: What types of pitfalls are prevalent in language models for code intelligence?

This research
question aims to identify the prevalent pitfalls in LM4Code systems, exploring how they could affect
various stages of the learning-based system lifecycle.
• RQ2: What solutions have been proposed to address these pitfalls?

This research question reviews
the existing body of literature to identify proposed approaches for solving the identified pitfalls.
(b) Distribution of papers across venues
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
4   •  Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang

    • RQ3: What are the implications of these pitfalls?

This research question investigates the implications
        of the identified pitfalls, specifically focusing on their impacts on the effectiveness, reliability, and ethical
       considerations of LM4Code systems.

--- Chunk #7 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 总结了数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱，如不平衡分布、数据噪声、标签错误，与参考事实相关。
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
Figure 6.

Paper distribution about System Design and Learning
across time (Section 4)
Benchmark Augmentation with LLMs: Despite the many challenges associated with LLMs, they remain
highly effective production tools, and we should not dismiss their potential.

Leveraging current large models, we
can generate more comprehensive, task-adaptive datasets.

For instance, Xia et al.[176] introduced EVOEVAL, a
program synthesis benchmark suite that uses the power of GPT-4 to evolve existing benchmarks into different
target domains, aiming to provide a more thorough evaluation of LLM coding abilities.

They found that, compared
to the high performance on standard benchmarks like HUMANEVAL [19], popular LLMs experienced a significant
performance drop (an average of 39.4%) on EVOEVAL, highlighting the limitations of standard benchmarks and
the effectiveness of their approach.

Additionally, EvalPlus [90] combines emerging LLM-based methods with
traditional mutation-based approaches for test case generation.

It continuously expands inputs using LLM and
applies a greedy set-covering approach for constraint handling, fully harnessing the capabilities of large models.

Summary - Data Collection and Labeling
Based on 22 relevant studies, our literature review reveals three prevalent pitfalls (i.e., unbalanced distribution,
data noise, and labeling errors) in the data collection and labeling process.

These pitfalls propagate, causing
overestimated performance and compromised model efficacy.

Though initial solutions like data cleaning/de-
noising and real-world benchmarks have been proposed, and recent efforts exploring large models for dataset
generation show promise, the field is far from reaching a comprehensive resolution.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱（数据噪声等），尽管侧重解决方案，但仍涉及陷阱类别。
Figure 5 as well as Figure 2 together
reveal that with the emergence and widespread use of sophisticated models such as CodeBERT, CodeLlama and
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
BLEU-4 drops from 31.92% to
14.19%
MRR improves from 0.407 to 0.512
after data cleaning
Training three models with the
BLEU-4 by 27%, 21%, and 24%
ACM Trans.

Softw.

Eng.

Methodol.
•
Xinyu She, Yue Liu, Yanjie Zhao, Yiling He, Li Li, Chakkrit Tantithamthavorn, Zhan Qin, and Haoyu Wang
Figure 4.

Paper distribution about Data Collection and Labeling across time (Section 3)
GPT, the data bias of conventional language models, specifically LSTM and GRU, is gradually fading from the
view of researchers.
3.2 RQ2-Solutions
Recognizing pitfalls in data collection and labeling has emphasized the need for robust solutions to address and
mitigate these issues.

Several solutions have been proposed in the literature that we’ve reviewed.

These solutions
have been organized into distinct categories based on their underlying principles and methodologies.

Data Cleaning/Denoising: Data cleaning/denoising is the process of improving a dataset by removing or
correcting abnormalities, inconsistencies, and inaccuracies.

This phase is critical to ensure that the training data
is accurate and does not contain any misleading or irrelevant information.

Many pitfalls develop as a result of
noisy or erroneous data, and data cleaning is the major method for dealing with such difficulties.

--- Chunk #9 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论了标签错误，属于数据收集和标注阶段的陷阱，与参考事实相关。
Labeling Errors: Labeling errors arise when ground-truth labels are inaccurate, unstable, or erroneous [7, 154].

In some code-related tasks, such as vulnerability detection, the raw code datasets need to be labeled by human
annotators.

Nie et al. [108] explored the labeling error problem in vulnerability detection wherein a vulnerable
code sample is mislabeled as non-vulnerable, and vice versa.

They found that mislabeling a non-vulnerable sample
as vulnerable was a more pervasive issue.

The research further assessed three prominent datasets, D2A [199],
Big-Vul [31], and Cross-Vul [109], discovering that in the worst cases, nearly 30% of the labels in these datasets
may cause noisy labels.

Similarly, Li et al. [81] examined the datasets from Herzig et al. [52] for Bug Report
Classification (BRC) and from Yatish et al. [188] for Software Defect Prediction (SDP).

Their findings revealed
that these datasets possess mislabel rates ranging between 2% and 29%.

Overall, Figure 4 and Figure 5 present the distribution of the 22 papers concerning bias in data collection and
labeling.

Figure 4 shows that the issue of data noise has continuously attracted the attention of researchers and
prohibits the sharp surge in research papers related to labeling errors in 2024.

Figure 5 as well as Figure 2 together
reveal that with the emergence and widespread use of sophisticated models such as CodeBERT, CodeLlama and
Pitfalls in Language Models for Code Intelligence: A Taxonomy and Survey
•
BLEU-4 drops from 31.92% to
14.19%
MRR improves from 0.407 to 0.512
after data cleaning
Training three models with the
BLEU-4 by 27%, 21%, and 24%
ACM Trans.

**LLM判定汇总**: 8/10 relevant → precision=0.8000

## [16] single_006_zh

**Query**: FlippedRAG 如何实现黑盒观点操纵？其攻击方法是什么？需要什么访问权限？

**Reference**:
- FlippedRAG 是一种黑盒对抗攻击，通过查询目标 RAG 训练替代检索模型，然后生成对抗触发器重排目标文档来操纵 RAG 生成的观点。
- 攻击者仅需要查询 RAG 系统的权限，以及向语料库中注入少量修改后候选文本的能力。
- FlippedRAG 针对有争议的观点型查询而非事实型问题，无需访问知识库、检索器内部或 LLM 参数。

**Chunks (10)**:

--- Chunk #0 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 主要描述实验结果和性能提升，未涉及攻击方法或访问权限的具体信息。
Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than the 
author(s) must be honored.

Abstracting with credit is permitted.

To copy otherwise, or 
republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior specific permission 
and/or a fee.

Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.

RAG-generated responses, ultimately causing a notable 20% shift in
user cognition.

Furthermore, we actively evaluate the performance
of several potential defensive measures, concluding that existing
mitigation strategies remain insufficient against such sophisticated
manipulation attacks.

These results highlight an urgent need for
developing innovative defensive solutions to ensure the security
and trustworthiness of RAG systems.
• Security and privacy →Domain-specific security and privacy architectures; • Information systems →Information ex-
traction; • Computing methodologies →Natural language processing.

RAG; Black-box Adversarial Attack; Opinion Manipulation
Zhuo Chen, Yuyang Gong, Jiawei Liu, Miaokun Chen, Haotan Liu, Qikai 
Cheng, Fan Zhang, Wei Lu, and Xiaozhong Liu. 2025.

FlippedRAG: Black-
Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented 
Generation Models.

In Proceedings of the 2025 ACM SIGSAC Conference 
on Computer and Communications Security (CCS ’25), October 13–17, 2025, 
Taipei.

--- Chunk #1 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 提出研究问题和基线介绍，未直接描述FlippedRAG的攻击方法或所需权限。
RQ1: Does black-box retriever imitation effectively learn about
the internal knowledge of the retriever of RAG?

RQ2: How significant does opinion manipulation of FlippedRAG
influence the response of the LLM in RAG?

RQ3: Does opinion manipulation significantly impact users’
perceptions of controversial topics?

RQ4: Can FlippedRAG breach existing defense mechanisms?
4.4 Baselines
To the best of our knowledge, opinion manipulation in black-box
RAG has not been directly studied.

We therefore use PoisonedRAG
and GARAG as baselines and further include black-box–applicable
attacks targeting either LLMs or retrieval models.

A detailed introduction of the baselines is in Appendix A.2.
(1) Prompt Injection Attack.

Prompt injection attacks constitute a class of adversarial exploits wherein malicious actors strategically insert compromised instructions or corrupted data into the
inputs of LLM-integrated systems, thereby coercing the model’s
outputs to align with predefined adversarial objectives[21].
(2) Disinformation.

It [26] is a methodology for generating
credible-sounding misinformation by leveraging LLMs, employing
the adversarial prompt to induce LLMs to produce context passages
imbued with specific opinions to the controversial topics.
(3) Static Text.

We add static text to some documents that contradict the target opinion (“Experts dispute the above claims as
being unreliable”), inducing the LLM to reinforce the target opinion.

Additionally, we also introduce a stronger baseline by integrating
Disinformation and Static Text.
(4) PAT Transfer-based Attack.

We apply retrieval adversarial
strategy PAT[19] to the surrogate model that has not undergone
black-box imitation and transfer adversarial triggers to the RAG
system, assessing the effectiveness of the black-box imitation.
(5) GARAG.

--- Chunk #2 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 详细描述了攻击过程，包括插入对抗触发器、优化对比损失、搜索对抗触发器以提升排名，直接对应攻击方法。
Subsequently, we insert 𝑝adv into the target document with 𝑆𝑡to
execute the poisoning attack on the RAG corpus. 𝑝adv can elevate
the ranking position of target documents in RAG, allowing their
inclusion in the augmented context provided to the LLM.

Thus, we
can steer the LLM in the RAG system to generate outputs systematically aligned with the target opinion 𝑆𝑡.

We formally define our
attack objective as follows:
I(S(𝐿𝐿𝑀(𝑞, 𝑅𝑀𝑘(𝑞))) = 𝑆𝑡)
(4)
|𝑄|
I(·) is the indicator function whose return value is 1 if the conditions within the parentheses are satisfied; otherwise, the return
value is 0.

To achieve this adversarial objective (4), we should:
1) Optimize contrastive loss (2) during the black-box imitation
phase to derive a surrogate model approximating the ranking preferences of the target retrieval model;
2) Optimize the loss function (3) by searching adversarial triggers that simultaneously enhance relevance rankings and maintain
stealth properties.

These mechanisms collectively maximize the retrieval rank elevation of documents expressing the target opinion, thereby increasing
their proportional presence in the LLM’s context.

This cascading
effect ultimately amplifies the likelihood that RAG-generated re-
sponses align with the target opinion.

The opinion manipulation
procedure is detailed in Phase 2 of Algorithm A.1.

--- Chunk #3 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 描述了威胁模型，明确攻击者仅需查询权限和注入少量文本的能力，无需访问知识库、检索器或LLM参数，直接对应访问权限。
The threat model presented here can be characterized as follows: the adversary can only
query the RAG-like system and does not have access to the complete
knowledge base or corpus, the retriever, or the parameters of the
RAG.

The attacker is only capable of injecting limited adversarially
modified candidate texts into the corpus, while the retriever and
the LLM remain black-boxed, intact, and unmodifiable.

To address aforementioned challenges, in this paper, we propose
FlippedRAG, a black-box attack method, to explore the reliability of RAG in controversial topics and investigate its impact on
user cognition, as shown in Figure 1.

By employing black-box re-
triever imitation [19] for opinion manipulation, we reveal specific
vulnerabilities in RAG-like systems.

Our motivation is based on
the observation in Figure 1.

When we queried ChatGPT (as of
March 2025, with web search enabled, functioning as a typical RAG-like application) on a specific topic and explicitly
instructed it to output the original content of its retrieved
references, it faithfully reproduced the exact text segments
from the retrieved candidates.

The reproduced outputs precisely matched the corresponding content on the web pages
linked in the reference citations and reflect the functionality of relevance matching.

It allow us to designed a retriever
imitation method for black-box RAG to address the limitations of
white-box attacks or heuristic-based attacks against such systems.

Specifically, we utilize carefully designed instructions to obtain
the retrieval results within the RAG model.

Subsequently, based
on the constructed (query, candidate) pairs from retrieval list, we
train a surrogate model using the extracted retrieval data [19, 30]
to approximate and transparentize the relevance preferences of the
retriever in the black-box RAG model.

--- Chunk #4 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论防御措施和实验结果，未涉及攻击方法或访问权限。
We
also exclude the evaluation of GARAG for its inefficacy in opinion
manipulation.

The attack effectiveness of FlippedRAG and other baselines
against paraphrasing is presented in Table 10.

Both the baselines
and FlippedRAG exhibit a decline in attack effectiveness when confronted with paraphrasing, yet PoisonedRAG’s and FlippedRAG’s
overall attack performance remains notably significant.

PoisonedRAG demonstrates a less reduction in attack effectiveness under
paraphrasing defense attributed to the direct insertion of queries.
5.4.5 Mitigation Based on Randomized Mask Smoothing.

Randomized smoothing is a defense method aiming at achieving certified
robustness against adversarial examples.

It constructs a smoothed
composite function by introducing random variables to the original
function or the model, enabling the certification of its robustness
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
under certain conditions.

We explore randomized mask smoothing
as a defense mechanism to counteract RAG attacks in Figure 6.

More detail is provided in Appendix B.5.

The experimental results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and
FlippedRAG experience a slight decline in attack effectiveness when
confronted with randomized masking smoothing.

However, since
both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG employ trigger insertion, the
compositions of their adversarial documents are similar after masking operations.

Additionally, because PoisonedRAG inserts the
query itself as the trigger, which enhances retrieval ranking more
effectively, the decline in PoisonedRAG’s attack success and opinion
manipulation success rate is somewhat smaller.

Our findings further reveal that the success rate of RAG attacks
continues to increase when the mask rate ranges from 0% to 30%.

--- Chunk #5 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 比较不同攻击方法效果，提及FlippedRAG的策略但未详细描述攻击步骤或权限。
While Prompt In-
jection Attack, Disinformation, Static Text, "Disinformation + Static
text", and PAT transfer-based attack achieve moderate effectiveness
in opinion manipulation, GARAG manifests the most suboptimal
performance within this adversarial task paradigm.

The superior performance of PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG
stems from their targeted optimizations of critical components in
the RAG workflow: retrieval and generation.

In the generation
phase, PoisonedRAG leverages LLMs to synthesize content engineered to steer target systems, while FlippedRAG adopts a minimal
data perturbation strategy by curating opinion-specific documents
that guide RAG systems to extrapolate desired stances through
Table 7: The controlled user experimental results on opinion
manipulation in controversial topics.

Mean ± SD represents
the arithmetic mean and standard deviation of user opinion
polarity values. * denotes statistical significance at p < 0.05.
summarization.

The enhanced efficacy of PoisonedRAG derives
from its retrieval optimization: injecting the question into documents, which maximizes the retrieval probability by exploiting
the semantic self-similarity.

In contrast, although FlippedRAG im-
proves adversarial document rankings through black-box retriever
imitation, its effectiveness remains suboptimal compared to exact
question-question matching paradigm.

The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

--- Chunk #6 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 实验结果和比较，未直接描述攻击方法或访问权限。
We focus on “Health”, “Society”, “Government”, “Education” four domains.

FlippedRAG significantly increases the proportion of candidate items with target
opinion in the Top 3 of the retrieval list, guiding the LLM to change
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
Zhuo Chen et al.

Figure 4: Overall opinion manipulation effect on Llama-3 with Contriever.

We use color blocks to represent the distribution of
different opinions and polarities corresponding to the generated content.
results across attack baselines on target opinion Pro/Con . "-"
0.40 Disinformation + Static text
0.17 Disinformation + Static text
its opinion in the response.

However, the manipulation effect varies
across different themes.

The detailed discussion is in Appendix B.3.

We conducted a systematic comparative evaluation of FlippedRAG’s manipulation efficacy against established black-box attack
baselines, with the quantitative results comprehensively tabulated
in Table 6.

Entries denoted by ’–’ in the table signify that the specified evaluation metric is inapplicable to the corresponding attack
methodology process.

The comparative experiment results indicate that both PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG demonstrate superior efficacy in the opinion manipulation task, with PoisonedRAG exhibiting marginally
enhanced performance compared to FlippedRAG.

While Prompt In-
jection Attack, Disinformation, Static Text, "Disinformation + Static
text", and PAT transfer-based attack achieve moderate effectiveness
in opinion manipulation, GARAG manifests the most suboptimal
performance within this adversarial task paradigm.

The superior performance of PoisonedRAG and FlippedRAG
stems from their targeted optimizations of critical components in
the RAG workflow: retrieval and generation.

--- Chunk #7 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论其他方法不足，提及黑盒检索器模仿但未详细说明攻击方法或权限。
The diminished efficacy of the PAT transfer-based method compared to FlippedRAG can be attributed to its lack of a black-box
retriever imitation process.

Both Prompt Injection Attack and Static
Text exclusively target the generation phase while neglecting the
retrieval in RAG architectures, leading to significant performance
degradation when migrating LLM-targeted attack strategies to
RAG scenarios.

Although Disinformation fundamentally remains a
generation-optimized attack method, its approach of constructing
biased content based on the question nevertheless achieves partial retrieval prioritization enhancements.

The stronger baseline
integrating Disinformation and Static Text demonstrates improved
ranking relevance and guides LLM output during the generation
phase, consequently achieving superior manipulation efficacy compared to its constituent baselines.

However, due to the absence of
dedicated optimization for retrieval or ranking relevance, its ranking manipulation capability remains constrained.

Consequently,
the overall attack efficacy falls short of both FlippedRAG and PoisonedRAG.

The limited adaptability of GARAG to black-box opinion ma-
nipulation tasks arises from two fundamental constraints.

First, its
methodology, originally designed for closed-domain QA to deviate
RAG systems from factual correctness, exploits a vast generative
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models
CCS ’25, October 13–17, 2025, Taipei
space where any incorrect output suffices as a successful attack.

In contrast, our opinion manipulation framework strictly confines
LLM outputs to binary stance options (support/oppose), significantly increasing the attack complexity.

Second, our implementation reveals white-box dependencies in GARAG’s genetic algorithm,
which leverages internal retriever and LLM calculated values during
adversarial document optimization.

These architectural dependencies undermine its efficacy in more authentic black-box scenarios.

--- Chunk #8 [✓ RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 摘要中概述了FlippedRAG通过枚举查询、候选、答案逆向工程检索器，训练替代检索器并制作触发器，直接对应攻击方法。
FlippedRAG: Black-Box Opinion Manipulation Adversarial
Attacks to Retrieval-Augmented Generation Models

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) enriches LLMs by dynamically retrieving external knowledge, reducing hallucinations and
satisfying real-time information needs.

While existing research
mainly targets RAG’s performance and efficiency, emerging studies
highlight critical security concerns.

Yet, current adversarial ap-
proaches remain limited, mostly addressing white-box scenarios
or heuristic black-box attacks without fully investigating vulnerabilities in the retrieval phase.

Additionally, prior works mainly
focus on factoid Q&A tasks, their attacks lack complexity and can
be easily corrected by advanced LLMs.

In this paper, we investigate
a more realistic and critical threat scenario: adversarial attacks in-
tended for opinion manipulation against black-box RAG models,
particularly on controversial topics.

Specifically, we propose FlippedRAG, a transfer-based adversarial attack against black-box RAG-
like systems.

We first demonstrate that the underlying retriever of
a black-box RAG can be reverse-engineered and approximated by
enumerating critical queries, candidates, and answers, enabling us
to train a surrogate retriever.

Leveraging the surrogate retriever,
we further craft target poisoning triggers, altering vary few documents to effectively manipulate both retrieval and subsequent
generation, transferring the attack to the original black-box RAG
model.

Extensive empirical results show that FlippedRAG substantially outperforms baseline methods, improving the average attack
success rate by 16.7%.

Across four diverse domains, FlippedRAG
achieves on average a 50% directional shift in the opinion polarity of
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed 
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation 
on the first page.

--- Chunk #9 [✗ NOT_RELEVANT] ---
Reason: 讨论不同检索器表现，未涉及攻击方法或访问权限。
Specifically, 𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟has the best ranking manipulation
performance on the triggers generated for transfer attack. 𝑀𝐴𝑁𝐶𝐸
demonstrates ranking manipulation effectiveness comparable to
that of 𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟, whereas the manipulation effect achieved by
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑠𝑒𝑟and 𝑀𝑄𝑤𝑒𝑛3 is less ideal by comparison.

It indicates
that Co-Condenser and Qwen3-Embedding-4b are more robust and
reliable than Contriver and ANCE.

However, our experimental findings demonstrate that FlippedRAG maintains effective imitation
and achieves significant ranking manipulation efficacy even against
state-of-the-art embedding models like Qwen3-Embedding-4b, de-
spite its superior ranking performance and enhanced robustness.

Furthermore, the surrogate models promote more documents
with target opinion in the top 3 range, thereby having a significant
impact on the response of RAGblack.

Thus, we can see that the transfer attack based on the surrogate model achieves stronger opinion
manipulation by successfully flipping opinions of the RAG response.

Black-box imitation enables the surrogate model to learn the features of the black-box retrieval model, allowing triggers generated
by the surrogate model to induce a greater shift in opinion polarity in the LLMs’ response compared to the baseline model.

**LLM判定汇总**: 3/10 relevant → precision=0.3000

